What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, I'll share my thoughts on how these teams in the NBA some devastating injury news, Giannis refusing to sit, and of course we got to get into the tournament check-in. It is March. It is time is on time. We must get into the tournament check-in. So, let's get into it. The Draymond Green Show is proudly presented by Groom. Groom proves that you can do the least and still feel the most thanks to a delicious daily habit that does the heavy lifting. Save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grooms.co. That's code Draymond at gruns.co. First up on the docket, coach Kerr says that the Warriors are bound for the play-in, um, which ultimately makes 3 years in a row. I'm sick of the play-in. Um, it seems like we're a a play-in magnet. Uh, it sucks, but it's great when you want an opportunity to get into the playoffs. And that is the reality for us. We are not moving out of the play-in, and we won't drop out of the play-in either. So, we're in the play-in, and that's what coach Kerr's message has been to the team like, "Guys, we're in the play-in no matter what. We have to continue building great habits, can better, uh, so that when we get Steph back, we get Moses back, we get Al back, get Steph Curry back, when you start guys back, that you're in a good space, that you've built great habits, that those guys you're not adjusting to playing basketball the right way. You're adjusting to them being incorporated and then how you work around them. And so, that's got to be the focus. Um, you know, it it sucks to be in the play-in. I think if you've, you know, no matter how we had him a couple weeks ago saying like he's sick of the play-in. Like it's just I'm a one. If you're not in the play-in, you get a week off. Um, and I just think that week off and what it does for you, uh, it's huge going into the playoffs. You're talking one extra week for bodies to rest, for guys to be healthy, you know, for you to mentally reset. If you got a week off, you can take the first couple days of the week off and then start preparing. Like it's a good time to reset, you know, and so I think the goal is obviously to not be in the play-in. But I feel like every year we we coming in saying, "Yo, we want to stay away from the play-in." And I feel like the play-in attracts us. If you ever go to a race car track, you go to a race car track, the one thing or if you go to like I I've done these things before with like, um, the the state police department where you go like driving cars and like spinning the cars out and stuff. And, um, the one thing they tell you is like when the car is spinning, and I think it it's actually the thought if you're in like, say you're in we're in Detroit. If you're in the state of Michigan and you're on ice, the thought is when you're spinning, don't look at the wall. Look away from the wall to where you're trying to go as opposed to looking at the wall, you're more likely to spin into the wall. And everybody what everybody does is you panic and you look at the wall. That's how this play-in feel for us. It's like we keep coming in saying, "Yo, we we we we just got to be top six. We got to get out the play-in. We don't want to be in the play-in team. We want to be top And it's like we're just looking at the wall spinning into the wall. Like we keep ending up back in this play-in for whatever reason. Like things happens, right? Like I don't think of Jimmy got hurt. Steph didn't miss this amount of time that we be in the play-in. However, it doesn't matter. It is what it is. We are in the play-in. And, um, you know, when you're in it, you appreciate the opportunity to make the playoffs. Except when you're seven or eight, it kind of sucks because you be in the playoffs. We've got to screw by that a couple times. Um, or at least once. So, I don't know. Um, it is what it is. Gives us an opportunity to get in the playoffs. Always want to play post-season basketball. But, uh, I don't know. Coming up next after the break, I'll go around the association, discuss some brutal news for the Pistons, uh, win streaks by the Hawks and the Lakers, as I told you before, our tournament check-in. Be back with much, much more right after this. And as promised, before we get into the NCAA tournament check-in, it is Thursday today. It is officially the first day of the NCAA tournament. If you're not watching basketball all day, what are you really doing? As I said, I'm in Detroit. I'm recording this about an hour before the game starts. So, I want to make some predictions for the games I'm going to watch on Friday. I also want to discuss Miami of Ohio's big win. Uh, Bruce Pearl was talking a lot of a lot of Auburn stuff and how Miami of Ohio didn't belong. And they got put in the play-in despite an a an undefeated record or first tournament play-in. Yeah, it's kind of a play-in. Despite an undefeated record throughout the entire season, lost in the semifinals of the conference tournament. Um, they were still in the play-in game. They won it Steph they case. They won by 10, and they pretty much dominated the game the whole time. Like it never really looked like they were in danger of winning that game. So, and then, you know, the athletic director who been talking his came right out and talked spoke about Bruce Pearl again saying, "Hey, man, why why why that what the TV station didn't make Bruce Pearl say I'm only talking about Auburn because my son's the coach?" I like this athletic director. I don't know I I I I I don't know who's in need of an athletic director around here. Uh, these universities? But y'all might want to go take a look at the athletic director of Miami of Ohio. He talking big stuff. He putting his team on the map. He believing in his team, and he stepping in and standing on it. I love and respect that. I absolutely love and respect that. Want to talk about a few of the games from Friday and particularly a couple games that I think, um, will end in upsets. Uh, number one I think is Alabama. Alabama versus Hofstra. Um, Alabama, anytime you have distractions going on during the tournament, it's a tough time. Uh, Aaron Holloway, who I think is a very, very, very good young player, also a good young man who I actually happen to know, has trained with me, everything. Um, who made a mistake. Uh, make no mistake about that. Uh, he's out. And he's our second leading scorer. And as I've always said, one of the most important things in NCAA tournament play is guard play. And Aaron Estrada is an elite guard at Alabama. And now he's out of the lineup. I see them being upset by Hofstra. I'm also not a huge believer in Tennessee. Uh, and Tennessee takes on Miami of Ohio. Miami of Ohio is feeling good. Miami of Ohio have a chip on their shoulder and is ready to prove themselves. I got them upsetting Tennessee. Another upset that I have, um, I haven't been very fond of the year they had at all. Um, another upset I think will happen, uh, on Friday is Kentucky versus Santa Clara. 7-10, so not a huge upset. Yet it is Kentucky. And Santa Clara I think is a very big upset. And Kentucky I think will go down to Santa Clara. There's one more game tomorrow that I think will end up in an upset. And that is Texas Tech versus Akron. Uh, Texas Tech is down their best player. Uh, I think it's, you know, Akron's feeling good. They know that, you know, they got a couple games to see how they'll play without him. So, they got to something to actually scout. Um, I think that's going to be impossible to overcome. So, I think that will end. So, I got I don't have many uh, upsets and you'll see this after the fact, but I don't have many upsets happening on Thursday, but I do have the upsets happening on Friday. So, we'll we'll see. When it comes to money, you probably want fewer confusion options, better habits, and a clear way to see growth. That's exactly why Tellus exists. Tellus actually started as a leading property management app helping owners and managers collect rent, communicate with tenants, and stay organized. But now, Tellus goes further helping people who want their money to grow. Tellus offers a high-yield savings wallet powered by real estate. Inside the app, there's a digital wallet designed to help your money go to work for you in a way that's simple, clear, and built for everyday use. You can move funds in and out easily, track your daily growth, and access your money wherever you need it. With no processing fees and no locked-up funds. There are no fees to open or use Tellus. You can even earn better rates by engaging in positive financial behaviors like learning through Tellus daily trivia or setting goals for yourself. Learn more at tellusapp.com or search Tellus t e l l u s in the Apple App Store or Android Store. Tellus earn more daily. Tellus is not a bank. Tellus is not FDIC insured. As promised, now we'll move around the association and first I must start. Um I woke up. I checked I saw my phone and the first thing I saw Cade Cunningham out for extended period of time. Uh crushed is the way that I felt because you're talking a young man who is worked his ass off, who's brought a city an organization back to prominence and never forget man got drafted, put on the bus, embody embrace the culture of Detroit. Said they're going to win and has this team as the number one seed in the East. And now he's going to miss a standard period of time. He's four games away from the 65 game limit and being able to be in the running for an MVP, first team all conference. I mean, excuse me, first team all NBA. Uh all of these things. And if I'm not mistaken, I think it actually will affect his pockets. Um and he's four games away from that. It's all I I'm a bit distraught. Uh obviously you all know I root for the Detroit Pistons always. I want to see the Pistons win. But to see this happen to a young man at this time uh with everything right in front of him. I hope and pray. I don't know how long you're out with a collapsed lung, but I'd imagine it's at least a month. Um but I hope and pray that he can at least get back for the last four games of the season. It's probably impossible. But damn. Like that sucks. Just sucks. Um Don't wish that on anyone. But especially on a young guy who goes about all this stuff the right way. Um you know put the work in to get better because I've watched him from his rookie year to now. Um know he has to be somewhat of a leader with what he's done in Detroit. Um and when I say somewhat of a leader, I just say somewhat of a leader because I don't know. So I'm not saying that as a slight by any means. I'm saying it as I don't know. I'm not in their locker room. But you can't go from the bottom from worst to first. And your main guy is a Rudy Pooh. Is a Is not a real guy. That don't happen. So I know he has to be somewhat of a leader and he's young, right? So I'm sure he's still growing as a leader. But man, to see that happen is heartbreaking. Uh so I I hope and pray that he's able to get back. You know, and that's why you know, um like winning a championship is so hard to do. Cuz yes, you have to be really really really good. But you also have to be really really really lucky. And I It's things like this that you just can't account for. You know, like that's what makes it so hard. You got to be clicking at the right time. You got to be healthy at the right time. You got to actually be good enough. You need good fortune. You need good bounces. Like it it's so hard. Everything has to go right. The stars really have to align. And so I um I send my well wishes to Cade. Uh I want to act like he died, but damn, this sucks. So send my love to Cade, send my well wishes. I hope he can get back sooner rather than later. Uh hope he can get back fast. You know, and also um this situation right here with Cade, it just takes me back to the topic of the 65 game rule. I don't think there's a soul on the voting committee that will look at Cade's 61 games played and say, "Ah, I don't think he qualifies for the first team all NBA." If Cade Cunningham doesn't play another game and the 65 game rule was not into effect, Cade Cunningham is first team all NBA. And now he may not make an all NBA team because of this dumb ass rule that it it's it's it it just doesn't fix the issue. Like it does not fix the issue at all. And so here's a guy who's done everything right, has a collapsed lung and he's going to miss all NBA because this dumb ass rule that does not fix the issue. It's just ridiculous. So here we go again with these unintended consequences. And so now you got the Pistons headed to the playoffs in the next month. Is Cade back? What does that mean for the Eastern Conference? Boston? Everybody's like, "Oh man, Jason Tatum shouldn't come back." This is why you don't waste opportunities. Cuz they don't come around often and you never know how the cookie crumbles. This is why Jason Tatum rushed back. And not that he rushed back, he put his time in. Like but this is why Jason Tatum came back. Because Jason Tatum's a champion and Jason Tatum understands when you can do it, you have to go. You have to press forward. And so Jason Tatum's back and this is why because stuff like this happen. So kill the 65 game rule. It does not work for what it's intended to do. Jesus, it's awful. In other news, Lakers win their seventh straight and Luka's playing out of his mind. Um Luka's been playing absolutely incredible. Ironically, the Lakers have been playing absolutely incredible. Ironically, Deandre Ayton has been playing better. Ironically, Marcus Smart has been playing better. Because that is the magical Luka Doncic. Uh Luka at the top of his game makes everyone around him better. And so you ask yourself, how dangerous can they be during the playoffs? And a part of me want to say not very dangerous at all. Uh but the other side of me know better. You got Luka Doncic and LeBron James on the court at the same time. You have a chance. Always against anyone. Teams that will put pressure on them, that will make it tougher on them in the playoffs, is making them guard. Uh not a great defensive team at all. Kind of does some gimmicky stuff like some gimmicky zone that turns into a man. And in a playoff series, if you're doing that, like maybe one game, maybe two games, they figure out a couple plays to dice that up. And then you got to play regular defense and then it takes us back to the original issue that the Lakers have had during the beginning of the season. Um and so I just don't know if they're good enough defensively to ultimately take it all the way. But they will always be dangerous in the playoffs. You got LeBron James. You got Luka Doncic. I think one key piece of the playoffs for this team is going to be Austin Reaves has not fared very well um when he draws like a Jaden McDaniels. You know, you get in the playoffs, people that the the game players are. And so they're going to need Austin Reaves to take that next step in the playoffs, which I think he's capable of. Last year was really his first year kind of being featured player. And so that takes some adjusting. I think now that he struggled a bit in the playoffs last year, he'll you know, he'll understand that better, what he needs to do. And I think it'll ultimately help him out. I think JJ also will understand that he struggled last year and try to put him in better positions to be successful. And so they will need a great Austin Reaves. Uh he can't struggle like he did in the playoffs and that team go very far. But in saying that, I do worry about their defense, but the way Marcus Smart has been playing, uh he's taking that on. Uh Deandre Ayton has been playing better. We have to you know, you need to see that for an extended period of time though. Um small sample size. Things are going great, so he's talking great. You know, when things are going bad, you lose three in a row, will you still be talking that way? So all of those things have to play out. Nonetheless, a healthy Luka Doncic, healthy LeBron James, you have two of the best game managers in the last 30 years, you're going to have a chance. So we'll see what happens with the Lakers, but it's interesting. They're playing well. Uh the Hawks, who's also on a win streak, won their 11th straight. Um a young athletic team, uh excited, it's fresh, it's new. Unfortunately, I I don't think they're going to make a ton of noise in the Eastern Conference. I think they're very good and I think they're on their way. But I just don't know if they collectively have enough experience to make a ton of noise in the Eastern Conference. Now in saying that, Pistons, you know, uh what happens with the Pistons? You got Boston. You got the Knicks. Outside of that, the East is wide open. And so if I'm a young Hawks team, I'm looking like, "Man, we get the right matchups, we can do it. We can go. We can work out run these teams. We you know, but I think sometimes the the game stops in the half court uh in the playoffs and you got to be able to execute in the half court. Quin Snyder's a great coach. Um Jalen Johnson, this will be his first time featured in the playoffs. Sometimes that come with lumps, but he's a special player. They don't always come with lumps, you know. And so we'll see. I think they can be dangerous. They're young, they're athletic, they're full of life, they're on go, they believe, they got some veteran leadership, like So, they can make some noise. Um It's usually not the case. Uh you kind of got to take your lumps first, but we'll see. They can make some noise though, no question about it. The Milwaukee Bucks wanted Giannis to sit out for the rest of the year. The reports say Giannis isn't interested. Um quite honestly, I think if you're Milwaukee, they may think, "Man, we in the play-in, we don't make the play-in, you know, we don't get into the play-in, we got a chance to be in the lottery." So, I get it. Um why Milwaukee's trying to do it, the same reason 12 other teams in the NBA are, 15 other teams are, completely throwing in the towel. I That's probably what they're trying to do. When you're a player, especially to the stature of Giannis, you don't give a about the draft, really. Um I'm sure he wants to play. Goes back to the same thing with Jason Tatum. I'm also sure Giannis is sitting there like, "Man, if I could just be healthy, we could have a chance." I'm sure he believes Again, you have to strike when there's an opportunity. KD goes down, that opens up an opportunity. You know, so, um I get why Giannis doesn't want to sit also. You're just going to sit till next year, like I don't want to play, so I get it. Um hasn't played a ton this year, he's been out. You know, you think back to the trade deadline and all that stuff that happened. What happens next? Is this his last time in a Milwaukee Bucks uniform? You have to think of all those things, so I understand why he doesn't want to sit. And quite honestly, he shouldn't. If he can play and he's healthy and he wants to play, he should play. I'm always in favor of that. Last but not least, around the association, we move to the women's association. WNBA and the WNBPA finally comes to a CBA deals. They've agreed to a deal. Um and some of the highlights are new salary cap starting at 7 million up from 1.5 million. Kudos to the ladies. Congratulations. Job well done. Well deserved. Definitely earned. Uh average revenue share of nearly 20% across the deal. Kudos to the lady. Job well done. Way to hold your ground. Supermax starting at 1.4 million. Respect to the ladies. Nneka Ogwumike, um Napheesa Collier, y'all stood on business. Y'all been talking the talk, y'all walked the walk, and it's so hard to do. Uh I was definitely in favor of them locking out, and I was in favor of them locking out because as good of a deal as this is, I always think you can get better. And personally, I don't think probably 80 to 90% of the women in the WNBA are 100 does not solely depend on WNBA money as their revenue. And unlike the NBA, NBA players can't can't hold their ground and end up with these awful deals to save our lives, in large part due to it is the source of the main source of money for probably 98% of guys. And so, guys be wanting to get back to playing. I was actually in favor of the WNBA, uh the WNBPA, the ladies, actually going into a hold. And I know everybody's on TV like, "Oh man, like y'all don't want to lose all the momentum that y'all gained." Well, guess who else don't want to lose the momentum that they gained? The owners. The owners that been funding the league that that had been losing money and now it's winning, they also don't want to lose the momentum. And I just felt like with the ladies, they had an opportunity to, if they strike, really apply more pressure to the owners and get more of what they wanted because they all don't depend on it. They can just all go do other things to continue their livelihoods. And I think for them, that right now, I think the WNBPA is in the biggest position of power right now as it stands right now today. Or yesterday. Because as the salary cap rises, people will stop doing other things. They'll stop going to Europe, they'll stop doing other things. Because they'll make more money. And so, this could be their main source of income. Well, once that happens, you're no longer in the same position that you were before. And so, I was actually in favor of a strike. Because who wants to strike? Say the ladies don't. Well, guess what? The owners don't either. Not with the momentum that they finally gained. And so, I thought they should have went into a strike. And saying that, happy they got a deal done that they're happy about. Um happy that the money is going up. Well deserved. Um Shout out to the ladies. Congratulations. Looking forward to the season. My boy Chris DeMarco with the New York Liberty. I'm looking forward to checking my guy out as the head coach. So, shout out to the ladies. Congrats on y'all deal. Job well done. Way to stand 10 toes. Much respect and much love for that. If you care about your energy, your skin, and aging well, listen up. Cymbiotika is a supplement that is clean, liposomal, science-backed, and actually absorbable. One staple is NMN Plus. It has the best orange vanilla flavor. It supports cellular energy, healthy aging, and gives your skin that radiant even tone. You just stir it into your drink. And for strength and performance, they have advanced creatine. It helps with recovery, sustained energy during high-intensity workouts, and focus. You can use these everywhere, whether you're traveling, at the gym, or just running around. Cymbiotika makes wellness effortless. Go to cymbiotika.com/draymondgreen to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's c y m b i o t i k a dot com/draymondgreen for 20% off plus free shipping. Lastly, before we get out of here, we got three things with Draymond. Um this is our weekly segment. Every week, we do three things. What I've enjoyed off the court, what caught my eye online, and something I witnessed that showed true toughness. So, to start, I want to talk about the most fun moment I had off the court this week. I went to dinner with one of my closest friends in New York City. Um It is was great to see him. You're talking about someone uh my brother Danny, who we used to talk every day. Uh we used to hang together so much more. And life happens, man. Like, he's running a business. He has a family, a growing family. I have a growing family. I'm trying to build a business and play basketball. And like, we just don't get to catch up as much. Um and one of my closest friends, uh we got a chance to hang out, drink some good vino. Uh It was great. So, that was the most fun I had off the court uh this week. What stopped my scroll this week was I saw someone say Joel Embiid has officially now played missed more games than he's played. And I It stopped my scroll because I get tired of people talking And people just throw these things out there, like What What about his health? And let's take a step aside from his actual physical health. What about his mental health? He You know how much guys put into this game to be great? You're talking about a guy who worked from shooting a backwards layup out of bounds 12 years ago, 13 years ago, to be in the MVP of the NBA. What about him mentally? And so, I see people just throw these things around and talk And it irks me. And so, I saw that and it stopped my scroll because it it made me feel for Joel. I got feel for him. And nobody knows what he's going through and what he has to deal with. And everybody say, "Oh man, he got the money, he good." No, he not. He want to play basketball. He love playing basketball. You don't get that good at basketball you don't love playing basketball. That fact. He want to hoop. So, I send my love to Joel, man. As everybody continue to talk they shout out to the MVP. Uh much love, Joel. Get healthy, get back on the court, brother. It's been great to see you out there this year. Great to see you coming to your own. So, that stopped my scroll this week, and I wanted to send that love to the big fella. And forget everybody else who who talking uh negatively cuz you don't know what going to this. You don't know how taxing it is uh on on on body to put yourself through this daily. So, shout out to Joel and much love. And F everybody who got something else to say. And lastly, each week I'll share something I saw on the court, in the real world, or on the news that demonstrated real toughness to me. Something that showed true toughness in the real world to me is Michael B. Jordan winning the Oscar. It's Ryan Coogler winning the Oscar. Shout out to the guys, man. Job well done. To watch them brothers from Fruitvale Station working their up. It's like the modern-day Denzel Washington and Spike Lee. Like that's what we're watching in real time. We're watching Denzel Washington and Spike Lee create magic. Ryan Coogler, the town's finest. Michael B. Jordan, shout out to those guys, man. Why did they demonstrate the real toughness to me? Because they came from the bottom. They came from the bottom. Michael B. Jordan been at it for a long time. Ryan Coogler gave up football and went back to school. And him and Zenzie doing their thing. So, shout out to Coog, man. Shout out to Michael B. Jordan. That's what demonstrated real toughness for me cuz them guys got it out the mud. When they created a project that they couldn't deny that came out almost a year ago. And them guys won an Oscar. Shout out to the guys. I love that. Want to thank you all again for tuning in to The Draymond Green Show. We're in Detroit tomorrow with a tough one and then we're headed to Atlanta on the back-to-back Get back at y'all. See you when I see you. Till next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with The Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Hotzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josephine Francis, Hillary Schaff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rolls, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galle.
