What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, I'll share some of my reactions to the Elite Eight. It got interesting. Before going around the association discussing Wemby's MVP case, Shai's MVP case, the Raptors' 31-0 run, and the JT-less Celtics without Jaylen Brown. Let's get right into it. The Draymond Green Show is proudly presented by Groom Groom proves that you can do the least and still feel the most. Thanks to a delicious daily habit that does the heavy lifting. Save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grooms.co. That's code Draymond at gruns.co. Last night, we played the Denver Nuggets in Denver and we came up a bit short. Got off to a good start in the first half. Couldn't quite keep it together coming out of halftime. I think we gave up 40 points in the third quarter. And we went into the fourth quarter down 12. Tough, man. Tough game. Obviously, Joker's doing he's doing What I will say is Jamal Murray is playing as aggressive as I've ever seen him right now. It it was interesting to see. Like I've I think I've than I've ever played against him. I remember watching Jamal Murray during the bubble. And that was kind of one of the most aggressive Jamal Murrays we had ever seen. But I didn't play in the bubble. And I think watching Jamal Murray right now, he's as aggressive as I've ever seen. And and and it's great and they need it. You know, obviously they were down Aaron Gordon. But I'll tell you also, and I know I spoke about him before on the show, but Peyton Watson has has so much better. Peyton Watson had to play in transition where he's coming downhill transition and I'm guarding the rim. And I'm preparing. I'm not dead giving it away cuz guys are too elusive in this league. You got You can't dead give away a charge from so far out. Um that you're going to take a charge. But I was pretty much angling myself to set up and take a charge on him. And he like stopped like right inside the elbow on a dime and pulled up for a little pull up, little mid-range pull up. Now, number one, guys can't make mid-range shots anymore. Uh it was like something that got lost in the game and everyone stopped working on it except the elite of elite scores. And it's just a lost art. The way he stopped on a dime full going transition and pulled up, number one, said a lot to me. That one play said a lot to me because A, I knew for sure he was just going to at least get close to running me over and maybe it's going to be a judgment call. Or or more importantly, try to get to the hole, try to get to the layup some type of way. And we were coming out of timeout and I said to Peyton Watson, I said that pull up was elite. And he said, "Well, I saw a real defender in the hole, so I decided to pull up." And he don't even know in that moment what I was thinking when he said that. But when he said that, it says so much to me. Number one, don't be surprised at the emergence of Peyton Watson. Because if he can process that that fast in that moment going full speed, stop on a We'll get to the stop on a dime part. If If can process that fast, all of that that that means he has a high level processor. So, when I say don't be surprised by the emergence, he clearly has a high level processor. When you have a high level processor in this league, it's an it's an advantage. It's a very very um understated, but very big advantage. And so, he he clearly has a high level processor to be processing that that fast. So, again, don't be surprised by the emergence, and I'll take it a step further. What we've seen now is just kind of the tip of the iceberg. He ain't even scratched the surface yet. Peyton Watson is going to be an elite NBA player. He's still trying to figure out like now, so when when Joker went out, he really got to do more, and now he's figuring out how to make that work with Joker, and he's doing it beautifully. He ain't stepping on no toes. He's doing it beautifully, but he's going to be I'll even take it a step further. Peyton Watson at some point in this league soon is going to be an All-Star caliber player, and probably an All-Star um in this league. But, like I going back to the pull up, has a high level processor for sure, but also the skill to go full speed, read what's going on, stop on a dime, look comfortable as hell, and just drop drop it in. That said so much to me about the growth of his game, and how the game is slowing down for him. How much better he's going to get. Remember, think this is year four for Peyton Watson. I could be wrong, year three or year four. Regardless, Peyton Watson averaged three points at UCLA and barely got on the floor. Peyton Watson then said, "Oh, well, I don't care. I'm entering my name into the NBA draft." Enter his name into the NBA's draft, ends up becoming a late first round pick, like somewhere between 28th and 30. And I didn't do any research on this. So, when I'm giving y'all these ranges, this is because I'm I'm telling you this off memory because I remember Peyton Watson's pre-draft process. Peyton Watson pre-draft process, I was doing things with the Warriors organization, our organization, just looking at different players, going to workouts, going to meetings. During his pre-draft process, I remember his workout. And I remember having a conversation with him after his workout, like, "Yo, you got a chance to be a great player in this league. Like, you got a chance to really come in this league and figure it out with your length, your athleticism. He has a high high high motor. That was one of the things that stuck out to me most about the workout. You had this 18-year-old kid who played three who averaged three points a game in this workout cheering everybody on, yelling, got the workout live. Come on, guys, let's go, pushing everybody. It was one of the more impressive workouts that I had seen. So, I remember having a conversation with him after the workout just about the journey, man, and how it goes and what to look for. And we've built the relationship since then that I cherish. The respect that I have for him um is high. But, I I didn't want this to turn into a Peyton Watson rant and stuff. I love to see young guys get better. And Peyton Watson is in a contract situation playing the best basketball of his career. That's how That's how go. That's how it should go. It's also why I think school choice is important. Because for Payton Watson to average three points a game three four years ago in UCLA and couldn't get on the floor, to be who he is today, you couldn't tell me he wasn't capable of getting on the floor at UCLA. Anyway, that's a whole another story, but shout out to Payton Watson. It's beautiful to watch the growth of his game, and I've enjoyed watching it since. Seeing him in pre-draft workout, seeing how he went to get it, regardless of what anybody said, man, you average three points, why you leaving? And he went and got it out the mud, and he about to get rewarded. So, uh y'all keep an eye out for Payton Watson. That kid is going to be an All-Star, no questions asked. There's a lot of fear growing that Steph might not have enough runway to for the playing game, uh that he should would be shut down for the season. And what I will tell you is um I don't think Steph's getting shut down for the season. Um I do know that Steph is doing all that he can to get back. I do know that he's progressing well on the court. Um and I do know that he's very, very, very eager to get back out there. And what I can assure you is whether it's one regular season game or five regular season games, Steph wants to play. And he's going to do all that he can. He's been doing all that he can, and things are really looking up. Uh he's doing a lot better. Um but I can assure y'all that if Steph is capable of playing, he's going to play. Whether it's one game left in the regular season or five games left in the regular season. Steph wants to play. So, everybody said, "Oh man, just shut him down." He ain't going for it. He want to play. And he trying to get back for the play-in. Because again, you just don't know how many opportunities at 38 you have left. Want to make the best of every opportunity. So, the one thing I can assure y'all, there's no shutdown coming for Steph at the moment. He wants to play. Coming up next after the break, we have another edition of the tournament check-in. Before I go around the association to talk Wemby and SGA campaign Well, Wemby campaigning for MVP. SGA kind of put on the campaign against the Knicks the other night. And much, much more. We'll be right back after this. Springtime can feel like everything speeds up overnight. Calendars fill, travel pops up, and suddenly your perfect routine doesn't feel so perfect anymore. I like to focus on keeping things simple. And Groove has made that really doable. Grooves are a convenient, comprehensive formula packed into a snack pack of gummies a day. It's not just a multivitamin, not just a greens gummy, and not just a prebiotic. It's all those things in one easy step. Instead of taking a handful of different supplements, I open one pack and I'm covered. And they taste great. You get a full daily snack pack because you can't fit everything they include into just one gummy. And it feels like a little snack instead of another pill. They include 6 g of prebiotic fiber, which is more fiber than most green powders, and even more than two cups of broccoli. They're vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free, nut-free, with low sugar and sugar-free options. Plus, they're HSA, FSA eligible. For me, it's the convenience. I keep a few packs in my bag, so I never miss a day. And I've noticed steadier energy and better digestion since I started. The ingredients are backed by over 35,000 research publications and formulated for strong absorption. So, I know my body can actually use what I'm taking. Save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grooms.co. That's code Draymond at gruns.co. All right, before we get to more NBA, it's time for the tournament check-in. First, my bracket's busted. As you all know, I had my Spartans winning championship. We suffered defeat at the hand of the Yukon Huskies um in the Sweet Sixteen. I didn't get to watch the game, fortunately and unfortunately, because we were playing. But, um I followed along the entire game. I know we were down big to start the game and, you know, we made our comeback, shut the water off uh last 10 12 10 10 to 12 minutes of the second of the first half and got back in the game. Um I heard we had some free throws down the stretch that didn't convert. Anyway, a little disappointing because you always want to try to get to Final Fours and compete for championships. Uh but, Sweet Sixteen, um I think this team really grew together, uh especially faced with some injuries. We had a transfer that was injured, uh a couple transfers actually that we brought in that end up injured and, you know, set us set us back a bit from where we were were expecting to be, but nonetheless, uh I think a great season. I think um Carson Cooper did a great job of giving himself a chance at a good life after um Michigan State due to basketball. Uh same goes for Jackson Kohler. Jeremy Fears had an incredible year, uh All-American, first team all Big Ten. Um Coen Carr continued to show his improvements. Uh we got some great contributions from freshmen, uh Jaden Akins, Cam Ward, and know, I think, you know, our team proud of the young fellas. Uh, obviously we don't do no moral victories. Obviously, our standard is to make it further than Sweet 16s, and they know that, and I know they'll be hungry as hell uh, going into this summer. I can't wait for grind week next year. Uh, but you know, tried and true. Coach Izzo still doing it how he been doing it. We want guys that want to be here. We want guys that love the culture. We want guys that love Michigan State, what it's about to be a Spartan, what it's about to struggle being a Spartan, and then come out on the other side being great. What that's about. And and and Coach Izzo, like I ain't retiring. What am I going to do if I retire? You know, so coach still hungry as hell. Got a top five recruiting class coming in this year, top three recruiting class coming in this year. It's looking up for our Spartans. Um, had some big donations come in. You know, so program's really in a good spot. Uh, a lot of work Coach Izzo has done. Uh, a lot of work all the guys has done. Uh, like I said, obviously a little disappointing in not reaching the Final Four and giving ourselves a chance at another natty, but all in all, think it's a lot of positives to take away from the season. And y'all know how we rocking. We 10 toes with them Spartans all day. That ain't nothing changed. That ain't never going to change. Went to check out the Arkansas-Arizona game. Um, and what I will tell you is what I thought last year. I went to see him play in high school. Braden Burries is the real deal. I told y'all before, I was sitting there with Travis. I said, "Travis, you said this kid is the 11th ranked player in the country? There's 10 players better than him?" And I'll tell you, you make him make a point with athleticism and this thing and that thing, but I still stand on what I said that day. There aren't 10 players in that class better than Braden Burries. Braden Burries is calm, he's collected, he handles the ball, he can make the pass, he rebounds the ball, he defends, shoots the ball, gets to the cup. Braden Burries is the truth and he going to fall outside of the top five, top eight of the draft and whoever get him going to be a steal. He's a winner. I'm a big Braden Burries fan and I thought Arkansas was going to give Arizona a little more trouble than they did. And the reason being is because I thought that Au'Diese Akuff would really, really, really win the match-up versus Jaden Bradley. What I did know was Braden Burries was going to take on the challenge of guarding Akuff. And he did a very good job. Very good job. He set the tone in the first half, uh beginning to start the game versus Akuff. You know, and yeah, Akuff is a great scorer. One thing y'all have to understand, Akuff is a great player, but one thing y'all have to understand, this is what I always talked to you about, when you score at the level of Darius Akuff, you going to score. Like, I'm not going I'm not about to hold you to six points. This is not realistically going to happen. It may happen once every eight years, but like, it's not a realistic thing that you're really going to hold him like he going to score. That's what great scorers do, they're going to get their points. But it was different. It wasn't as dominant as the points that he had been getting in the tournament. It wasn't in crazy flurries like he had been doing, you know, it wasn't at will like he had been doing. Now, don't get me wrong, I still think Darius Akuff is the real deal. I think Darius Akuff is no question a top five talent, a starting point guard in the NBA. All of that. I think Darius Acuff will continue to get better. I think Darius Acuff will bring something to an organization that not many people can bring. All of that. But I'm talking about this particular game. And by the way, got to see the OG Rashad Phillips at the game. Um I told y'all how much I respect him, his basketball knowledge, and what I can see that he's pouring into Darius Acuff. And so, shout out to them uh as they go on this journey. I'm sure uh Darius Acuff is probably headed to the NBA. And as they go on this journey to the next level, uh definitely wishing them well. But anyway, it wasn't as easy, it wasn't as dominant. And due to that, all the other guys on Arkansas' team wasn't able to gain their confidence from Acuff. They had to go do it on them by themselves. And Trevon Brazile wasn't able to do it. Uh Nick Pringle wasn't able to do it. Billy Richmond looked good, but they kind of started losing their cool a bit. And once they lost their cool, Billy Richmond got thrown out the game. There was no chance of coming back because Billy Richmond was the one guy athletically that could really create and get to the cup and finish. Obviously, Acuff was doing what he doing, but just like Billy Richmond looked like a superior athlete in that game. And you know, Arizona did what they had to do. We talked about Brain Burks, Kerr Kriisa. Kerr Kriisa strong as an ox. Uh he's super steady. Doesn't make many mistakes, smart player, plays good basketball. I really love that Arizona team. And it it was fun to see that game. Um atmosphere was good, but that Arizona team I I have a hard time seeing somebody beating them. Um that team, they got everything. They got guys off the bench, they got good wings, uh they got good guard play, they have good bigs. Like elite. And I had uh put on threads about an adjustment they needed to make. They didn't make the adjustment, but they saw the same issue They didn't make the adjustment that I thought they should make, but they saw the same issue. And they made The adjustment that they made was they switched a big 7'2" kid to to Koffi Cockburn and when he was about to start getting loose in that pocket, changed the game. Changed everything. And so, uh looking forward to the to the Final Four this weekend. I see a tough I It's going to be a tall tall task for somebody to take down Arizona. As opposed to napping yesterday before our game as I normally do, I watched the UConn and Duke game. And with about 13 minutes left, I was like, uh they're not coming back. I should turn this off. But something said to me, this is March Madness. You don't turn the games off. And I did it. And I kept watching. And wow. Talking about watching an instant classic. Braelen Mullins Wow. From deep, he just raised up. Caraballo, number one for Caraballo to hit the three that he hit before and to not go try to go force up another three, but to make the right play is why the basketball gods rewarded him. Braelen Mullins poured up in stride, stepped into it for game. And then said, "I'mma be honest, I really thought it was for the tie." Man, that's so cold-blooded. That game was great though, man. Cam Boozer did what Cam Boozer had to do. I think um It's an unfortunate break because if you're Cayden Boozer, like everybody's going to say, "Oh man, why did he not hold on to the ball?" But the reality is they had two guys up the floor for dunks, wide open. If he gets the pass a half an inch higher, they're in the Final Four after a dunk. They're celebrating. Everybody's beating their chest. And everybody's happy. Unfortunately for him, and he's a freshman, there was 10.0 seconds on the game clock when they inbound the ball. Which means if he takes a 10-second violation, game over. And when you're on the court, these things are happening in split seconds. You know, I know everybody's like, "Oh, he didn't want to shoot the free throws." I don't think it's that because again, if if I get this ball up, game over. Like forget a free throw. The game's over. And so, it's unfortunate. Um Basketball is it's like football. It's a game of inches. Every inch counts. And they got the fingertip on the pass. Even in getting the fingertip on the pass and getting the ball, every they still needed a prayer to win it. And so, shout out to the young fellow, young Boozer. I know it's a tough time. I know everybody's blaming him. Uh he'll get stronger from this. Um it's unfortunate, but why did the game ever get to that point? How did it ever get there? And I think that's 2 years in a row now where Duke has had these spells in these closeout games where they can't score the basketball, and the other team's just scoring. At a certain point, you got to you got to national player of the year. We got to make sure he get a bucket. And so, you know, everybody want to blame Cayden Boozer, and I get it. But why did the game ever get there? It shouldn't have ever even got to that point. And it did, and they made plays, so shout out to Yukon, man. They keep doing it. They just keep on doing it. They keep finding a way. And then lastly, you got the scumbums up the highway. Uh you know, Michigan scumbums took down Tennessee pretty handily. Um Yaxel Landenberg comes out and says, "They had a freshman, Amari Allen, guard me. I kind of felt a little disrespected." So, he's popping his gums. I respect it. Uh and yeah, they put a freshman on him. You you got to make him pay. I think Yaxel Landenberg is what, 23? 24 years old, so you you got to make the freshman pay, and he did that. But, he's been making everybody pay. Uh he looks as good as as any player in in in the tournament. Um and you know, so you got to give him his credit. But, they got the Arizona boys coming up, and what I will tell you is, I'm taking Arizona. Even if I didn't believe Arizona was going to win, I'm taking Arizona, but I actually believe Arizona's going to win, so I'm really taking Arizona. And then on the other side, you got Illinois playing really good basketball, and you got Yukon, who's feeling great about themselves, who I think um you know, they've done it before. They've been here before. Not as talented of a Yukon team as we've grown accustomed to seeing as of lately, but they're still very talented, obviously very well coached. This is going to be a tough one. Um but I got to go with Illinois. I think I I love Yukon. I you know, I I I really love their team. I love what they stand for. But, I think the better guard play is with Illinois. Illinois is hungry. The resurgence. I'mma roll with Illinois in that one. I got a championship game of Illinois versus Arizona. And then I think Arizona would take that. But, we'll talk again before then. You know the playoff push is heating up. The tournament hoops are here, right? There's nothing like the excitement of every bucket, steal, highlight play. But, you know what makes it even better? PrizePicks. Seriously, every pick, every win feels that much sweeter. People are amazed at how simple the PrizePicks app is. Just pick more or less on two to six players that projections. Whichever sport you pick instantly makes watching the games way more fun. A favorite feature, early payouts. If your player gets off to a hot start, you can cash out before the game even ends. And with stacks, you can pick the same player up to three times in a lineup. PrizePicks is available in all 50 states, the deposits are fast, withdrawals are secure, and you can play all your favorite sports. Everything from basketball to esports. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code Draymond to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code Draymond to get $5 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, it's good to be right. If you care about your energy, your skin, and aging well, listen up. Cymbiotika is a supplement that is clean, liposomal, science-backed, and actually absorbable. One staple is N A D plus. It has the best orange vanilla flavor. It supports cellular energy, healthy aging, and gives your skin that radiant even tone. You just stir it into your drink. And for strength and performance, they have advanced creatine. It helps with recovery, sustained energy during high-intensity workouts, and focus. You can use these everywhere, whether you're traveling, at the gym, or just running around. Cymbiotika makes wellness effortless. Go to cymbiotika.com/draymondgreen to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's C Y M B I O T I K A dot com {slash} draymondgreen for 20% off plus free shipping. Now, as promised we'll move around the association. A lot has been made of Wemby politicking for MVP. Um and and Q Rich, one of the OG's says, "I hate big fella, your game is doing all the talking. I don't feel like he should have to go up there and politic to prove why he's the MVP. My era wasn't really like that. We wouldn't go up there and say I should be MVP. We would be in the locker room like what is he doing? And I agree with Q Rich. As someone who caught kind of the tail end of that era, um I agree with you. It wasn't like that. But what I would also say to Q Rich is media wasn't like that. The way media dominates narratives and conversations today and decision-making and all of it, unfortunately Q Rich, if that's still the mindset, you lose. Again, as someone who's caught caught guys in that era, for sure. Um played some during that era in which Q Rich played, like with the some of those same guys, for sure. I agree with Q Rich 1,000%. In his era, everybody would be in the locker room like, "Yo, this dude is a clown. Look at him." Unfortunately, this game is transcended by eras. And the era that today is very much so in uh dealing with is the area of the new age, the new day and age media. And so, unfortunately for Q Rich and and and what he said is I I I I it's wrong. Um yes, I get where he's coming where he's coming from, but that's the thing about basketball and that's why it's oftentimes impossible to to compare eras. Because everything changes. This is just a small example of that whole overarching thing, but everything changes when you start jumping from era to era. And so, definitely understand where Q Rich is coming from, for sure. 1,000%, but it's just not that day and age. I said this on my last show. If Evan Mobley doesn't come out last year and finally speak on why he's Defensive Player of the Year, he doesn't win it. It does not happen. You have to these day this in today's day and age. Now, you could say Shay don't have to say anything. Shay's the defending champ. He is the reigning MVP. And it's Wimby's task to go take it from Shay. And I know there's been a lot of what I said about Wimby. And I know a lot of people were saying that I said that Wimby should be the MVP. Number one, I never said that. I actually think Shay is still the MVP, and Wimby need a couple more spectacular games because you have to take it. You have to take it from the reigning MVP. He's still at that level. And I don't think he's quite taken it yet. I agree with everything Wimby said. But I think he need a couple more signature moments down the stretch as voting rounds out to take that MVP. I think he's right there. But here's the point though. And by the way, if you voted Wimby MVP, you're not wrong. I'm not saying he's not. Like Wim Dude's amazing. Creative player, no questions asked. But he he he actually does have to speak on it. He he has to. Which is why the next day Q or two days later he was number one on the on the board. Now, here's what I will say. I don't think Shay has to say much about it. But I think he's doing himself himself a disservice if he don't. Today's day and age is driven by media. If you think you don't apply it does not apply to you, you're wrong. If you think that does not apply anyway, you're wrong. So, yeah, I I I hear what Q Rich is saying and he's not wrong. In his era, that's exactly how it would be. But in his era, there also wasn't a 24-hour news cycle. And that changes things. Changes a lot of things. Big big conversation around the NBA is Patrick Beverly saying James Harden is a better all-time player than Dwyane Wade. Um I struggle sometimes when people say James Harden is the best two guard because James Harden is a point guard. James Harden is one of the best point guards we've seen. James Harden started as a two guard. But James Harden is a point guard, man. I And so, when people start making the debate of James Harden as a shooting guard, I actually disagree with everybody on it. I don't think James Harden is a two guard. I think he's a point guard. Go find me a two guard that averages 11 assists. Year after year, 10 assists, 11 assists, 10 assists. Go find me a shooting guard who puts up those type of numbers. I'll wait. Not Michael Jordan. Not Kobe Bryant. Not Dwyane Wade. Not Reggie Miller. Not Klay Thompson. Two guards don't average 11, 10, 11 assists. So, when people start making the argument about James Harden being a better two guard than Dwyane Wade, I disagree. James Harden is one of the most elite point guards we've seen. One of the best. But, he's not a two. Could he be a two? Absolutely. And that's why I think everybody does James Harden an injustice. James Harden could be a two guard, no question. He has the skillset to be one of the best two guards, which is why y'all are arguing that he is. Because he actually has the skillset. Fortunately and unfortunately, he has the skillset of one of the best point guards we've ever seen. And ultimately, that one ends up taking the cake. Offenses are built around James Harden handling the ball and making plays. And I mean all the plays. Hey, man. That's a point guard. And I think James Harden is one of the greatest point guards we've seen. But, when everybody get into the whole two guard thing, yes, he could be, no question. But, James Harden really ain't played the two guard in like 13 years. He is a point guard. Even when they had point guards like Patrick Beverly on his team, they go to the corner. James Harden is the point guard. So, I don't know, man. I I I think you know, when guys got to be careful arguing this. Cuz then Dwyane come back and he like, "Yo, I don't understand why Patrick Beverly would say anything like that. You ain't good enough to talk about me." I like how Dwyane popped his I respect it. I'm not getting in the middle of those two brothers. You know, those those those those that's a Chicago thing. You let them do their thing. But, what I will say Pat Bev coming out and throwing that three-point percentage out was hilarious. He said, "Hey, I was better I what you weren't better than me at everything. I was better at three-point shooting." Well, Pat Bev the defense is guarding y'all to a little bit differently, brother. Uh got a lot of love for Pat Bev. Guarding y'all a little bit differently. The shots that were being created for you to shoot the three is a little bit different than what D-Wade had to do. Um Patrick Beverly also said, "By the way, D-Wade, I was 7 and 3 versus you." And I know what D-Wade's response would be. He's like, "Bro, who's counting regular season games at the end of my career? Who's counting regular season anyway? What about these playoffs? What have you done for me?" That's what my response would be. That's what I would be thinking. And I know that's what D-Wade is probably thinking. But I say to basketball fans out there Pat Bev flaunting his 7 and 3 regular season record should actually be good and exciting for basketball fans because we want the regular season games to mean something, right? And so, you can't have it both ways. You can't say "Man, Pat Bev, don't come and flaunt your 7 and 3 regular season record." But then say, "Hey guys we're going to make y'all abide by this 65-game rule because every regular season game matter. Can't have it both ways now." So, all I'm saying is pick a side. Pick a side. Don't tell Pat Bev don't talk about 7 and 3 regular season record. Then tell guys you got to play 65 games because y'all screwing over the fans and X, Y, and Z and this, that, and the then the regular season does matter. So, um I just I just wanted to state those two things and put that out there. But Pat Bev is hilarious, man. But come on, Pat Bev. D-Wade was crazy. That's wild. Raptors going on 31-0 run versus the Magic and listen, I've gone on a 22-0 run in the NBA Finals. 31 is crazy. However, I'm sure that Magic had a great night out in Toronto the night before. Sure they was partying all night. Got up, went in there, and got punished. Um it's a tough time of year to get punished like that right now. You can see that team in the playoffs and now you fighting that battle again. Cuz they feel like, "Oh, we just did this to you." You're fighting uphill. And so, it's a tough time to do that. Uh but man, what a run. Wow. That's crazy. Jayson Tatum leads the Celtics to a win versus the Hornets with no Jaylen Brown. Uh it has been extremely impressive to see Jayson Tatum. Like you can see game by game him getting his burst back. Game by game him getting a little more in his bag, getting more and more comfortable, looking like the Jayson Tatum that we know, dunking the ball when he get down the lane. It's beautiful to see, man. Um shout out to JT. He getting in playoff mode. As everyone is. And we're trying to. So is Steph. Thank you all again for tuning in to The Draymond Green Show. We got Wemby and the Spurs next and then we have a back-to-back versus James Harden and the Cleveland Cavaliers. Until next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with The Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with the new media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor and Jake Galley.
