What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, I'll share my thoughts on Bam's 83-point game. Wemby's been dominating still. The MVP race. Is it still a race? Is it just Shai? Is it still a thing? With Shai's last game over like I don't know, but we got to get into that. It's a lot going on in the basketball world, so let's get right into it. The Draymond Green Show is proudly presented by Grums. Grums proves that you can do the least and still feel the most thanks to a delicious daily habit that does the heavy lifting. Save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grums.co. That's code Draymond at g r u n s.co. First up in the basketball world, we've obviously just come off of two terrible losses uh Utah Jazz and the Chicago Bulls, two teams that are trying to lose we lost to. Um very frustrating. Uh I think both of those games coming down to the wire. They shouldn't have um and we lost them. Uh so now we are currently at 32 and 33 in ninth place. Uh just recently announced also that Steph Curry's out at least another 10 days. At least another 10 days, which is um at least another five games. So uh life gets no easier. But we just got to figure it out, man. I think for us, you know, when when you're missing all that we're missing. You honestly just want to give yourself a chance. But then also like some games you should still win. But you just want to give yourself a chance every night. Sometimes it work out, sometimes it doesn't. Um hasn't worked out the last couple nights. Uh you know, unfortunately I feel like against the Bulls I let my team down. Um something that was completely in my control or our control. But happens and we got to move on and we got the Timberwolves coming in and you just got to figure it out. Uh we recently won one in Minnesota without Steph, so we got to try to do it again. Got to put it together. It's all you can do. Keep fighting, keep pushing. Let the results fall where they may. In other news, uh there's a lot going on or a lot of talk around Steve Kerr saying we need to play fewer games. We need to take 10 games off the schedule. The modern the modern game with the pace and space, I think it would be a lot more competitive and healthier league if we played fewer games. Um yeah, I've actually spoke about this before um on just there is a lot of games and things are different. I know everybody look at it like, oh man, they used to play uh 82 games all those years ago like they I mean they used to walk the ball up the floor. Like the pace that the game is played at now and the pace that the game was played at in the '90s is like drastically different. Like the fastest pace team in the '90s would probably be the slowest pace team today. Like it it's drastically different and so the game has changed. And I think the amount of games like you're putting all these things in to protect the amount of games played by stars, 65 game rule, all these things. And the reality is it's just too many games, but you have arenas that has to be filled, you have TV slots that had to be has to be filled. All these things, so this won't change. Like I don't think this is something that will change at all cuz no one's taking less money. The TV rights are sold. All just about every team own an arena. They need to fill these these nights in these arenas. So, you need dates. And so, I don't think that's going anywhere, but I think that's going to continue to be a problem, especially as the game gets faster and faster. You know, the game it kind of goes in waves. We'll see if it slow down, but I don't see any slowing down at all. So, you know, you talk about the hamstring injuries this year, the quad injuries, the calf injuries, like growing injuries. A lot of that is due to the speed of the game and how much you're playing. So, it's a lot of science that goes into it. You know, when you see players take games off and it's like load management, I told y'all most of the time that's not really players. Most of the time that's the teams saying that because they have all this data and they're like, "Yo, we see you favoring this. You're at a high risk of injuring this. Like, you should take a game off tonight." Like, these are all the things that goes on behind the scenes. And so, I think when speaking of like 10 less games, like it makes sense. Because the product ultimately just gets dumbed down. I think in my opinion, when you just got tired guys playing against tired guys, injured guys playing against injured team injured teams playing against injured teams, the product just get dumbed down just gets dumbed down. So, you know, they say less is more, right? And I think that could be the case in this scenario as well. After the break, I'll go around the association a couple of associations. We'll also discuss Bam Adebayo in the record books second highest game scoring ever and how a bunch of people hating. Uh Shai takes the lead for MVP and much, much more. Be right back after this. All right, before we go around the association, I told y'all we had to go around a couple of associations. We'll be doing a new segment for the next few weeks during the college basketball tournament called the tournament check-in. And this week, we got the conference tournaments. We're going to go around each conference of the big five conferences, pick the conference tournament winners and why I think these teams will be the winners. First up, we got the ACC. And I'm taking Duke. Uh got to take Duke. They got one of the best players in the country in Cam Boozer. Uh one of the best winners in the country, no doubt. Cam Boozer has won at every level of basketball. Um high school basketball, AAU basketball, and the USA teams. And everything he's done, he he's won. Um You've put different high school teams together to go up against his team. He's won at every level. He's dominated at every level he's played at. And he's doing the same thing at Duke. Uh I I hate to say it, but the scumbags from University of scum, uh the the blue and yellow team up the street from Michigan State. They They have a really good team. Um Hate to admit it. Hate to say it. They have a really good team. One of the best teams in the country. They had no answer for Cam Boozer. And they had no answer for Duke. And Duke took them down in a neutral site game. Duke big weekend game. Duke take them down. And Duke didn't play their best game. You know, I I think but I I don't think that team can beat Duke. And you know, in the ACC I think Duke had a chance of losing if Caleb Wils- uh if Caleb Wilson was still playing because Caleb Wilson he is he's capable. He has the talent. He has the belief. He has the ability to make guys around him believe and play to higher levels than their ability really will call for if they didn't have a guy like him next to him feeding the ego, giving them confidence. And so, with Caleb Wilson going down, it really helps Duke in the ACC. And therefore, I think Duke walks away uh with this ACC conference title. In the Big 12, uh it's been a fight all year. You know, you got Kansas and and Darren Peterson. You got A.J. Dybantsa at BYU. You got Houston and and Kingston Fleming. However, the best team in the Big 12 by record and by eye test is none other than Arizona. Arizona, I think is by far the best team in the Big 12. Yes, they've had close games. Yes, they've lost a couple. But, I think they're the most complete team in the Big 12. Um, you're talking about their their a point guard in Caleb Bradley who won Big Ten Big 12 Player of the Year and congratulations to him. Probably isn't even a top three best player on his team. Keshad Johnson young fellow. Brayden Burries young fellow. Right? Like you're you're talking about a very very very good team. And I don't see anyone beating them for the Big 12 Conference Championship. I I definitely think they they bring it home in the Big 12. As they've dominated the Big 12 all season long, I see them taking uh, continuing that dominance and taking home the conference title. Now, what will be important is health. You know, they had down the stretch Keshad Johnson missed a few games. Um, you know, so so it's important that they're healthy. But, by far or I wouldn't say by far, but by a good margin uh, Arizona is the best team in the Big 12 and I think they take home the conference tournament title. Next up, we got the Big Ten. Uh, you know, as I just spoke about them scumbones from up the highway from Michigan State. Uh, very good squad. Uh, obviously Michigan State very good squad. Nebraska very good squad. Illinois very good squad. Uh, the Big Ten has been tough all year. Uh, probably going to get nine or 10 teams in the NCAA Tournament. But, that's No, they'll probably Big Ten will probably get more than nine or 10 teams. Needless to say, Big Ten has been a dominant conference um, throughout the conference. Not just top-heavy, but throughout the conference. A very good conference and I think this tournament uh this conference tournament will live up to that hype. Ultimately, uh Michigan State will meet the scumbums in the conference final uh conference tournament final on Sunday, selection Sunday. And Michigan, you don't beat a great team three times in the season. Michigan State will beat those scumbums to eventually be crowned the conference tournament championships, head on into the NCAA tournament as a two seed, and get ready to make this Final Four run onto the national championship. But, let me not get ahead of myself. Got Michigan State winning the Big Ten conference tournament. Next up, we'll move to the Big East. And since the conferences have gotten dismantled and this teams over here and that teams over there and this teams over there, since all that happened, there will never be any competition for Yukon in the Big East. Yukon continues to dominate. Now, obviously, they're competing at a national level and competing for national titles and stuff like that. So, I'm not just saying they're just dominating the Big East. They're dominating in general. But, the Big East is like a league that they don't belong in. Like, you need to move Yukon to a different conference just for the sake of parity. And and not even not even parity. You need to use you you need to move Yukon to a different conference just for the sake for the sake of competition. Like, you're talking Creighton, all these terrible schools, Providence. Like, these schools can't compete, Georgetown. These schools can't compete with Yukon. And so, Yukon will continue to dominate the Big East as they always do. And they'll walk away with the conference tournament championship, as they always do. Last but not least of the Big Five, we got the SEC. And the SEC is a tough conference. Uh Kentucky never lived up to the hype that they came in with, but that's neither here nor there. Um the defending champs are obviously coming out of the SEC, and quite frankly, that's who I got winning the SEC. I don't see anyone beating Florida. The pedigree is there, the coaching is there, the skill is there, the roster is there. They got the whole nine. I think they'll walk with the SEC tournament. Except when it comes time for March, guard play is important. And the best guard in the SEC is a freshman, and his name is Darius Acuff. And if Acuff is healthy, watch out, SEC. Arkansas will be the SEC tournament champ. Darius Acuff will be the SEC um tournament most outstanding player. That's how it's going. I got the Arkansas Razorbacks taking the SEC, upsetting the defending champions Florida. That's how it's going down. When it comes to money, you probably want fewer confusion options, better habits, and a clearer way to see growth. That's exactly why Tellus exists. Tellus actually started as a leading property management app, helping owners and managers collect rent, communicate with tenants, and stay organized. But now, Tellus goes further, helping people who want their money to grow. Tellus offers a high-yield savings wallet powered by real estate. Inside the app, there's a digital wallet designed to help your money go to work for you in a way that's simple, clear, and built for everyday use. You can move funds in and out easily, track your daily growth, and access your money wherever you need it. With no processing fees and no locked-up funds. There are no fees to open or use Tellus. You can even earn better rates by engaging in positive financial behaviors like learning through Tellus daily trivia or setting goals for yourself. Learn more at tellusapp.com or search Tellus t e l l u s in the Apple App Store or Android Store. Tellus earn more daily. Tellus is not a bank. Tellus is not FDIC insured. There's just something about a new workout set that makes you feel unstoppable. Like suddenly you're showing up differently. The problem is buying new gear all the time isn't exactly realistic. That's why joining Fabletics as a VIP is such a game-changer. When you sign up as a new VIP, you get 80% off everything. Fabletics feels like the kind of high-end activewear you'd easily pay a couple hundred dollars for, but you're not paying that much. And the fit? Dialed in. No waistbands creeping down, joggers that actually keep their shape, jackets that keep you warm without feeling bulky. The sets are perfect for cold morning workouts, stay warm without overheating. Plus, it's reassuring knowing Fabletics has over 2 million VIP members and more than 100 retail stores. Fabletics already has incredible deals and I've got an exclusive offer just for my listeners. Get 80% off everything when you sign up as a VIP. Just head to fabletics.com/draymond, take a quick style quiz, and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock your 80% off. That's fabletics.com/draymond. What's up? As promised, now we'll move around the association. Uh and there has been a lot of talk around Bam Adebayo having 83 points. I mean, people questioning whether Spoelstra is right for calling time out, Spoelstra fouling, whether he should have let him play that long, uh the legitimacy of his 83 points. Blah say blah. And I've just kind of sat quietly and like watched what everyone had to say. And I saw something that I read something online um on Threads actually earlier today that said so the Wizards announced that AD and Trey won't play for the rest of the season. And they pretty much announced that because those guys were too good. They're going to make up them win more games than they really want to win. They want to tank. And y'all want Spo to feel bad for that team, that organization, and take Bam out the game and not let him go after record? Why? I hate these unwritten ass rules in basketball. I always talk about these. Don't shoot the ball. Don't score the ball because y'all are ahead and the clock's running down. that. It's a basketball game. There's There's time on the clock for a reason. If we were losing, then it's okay. See, that's why all y'all hate me and I really don't give a damn. Because this loser ass mentality that people have in this world is is is actually pathetic. If you're losing, it's okay to go shoot the ball because you're losing. But if you're winning, it's not okay because you're winning. What the hell is that? Feel bad for winning? No. We I worked hard to win. I'm not going to feel bad. I'm also not going to stop playing. How about that? I'm going to shoot because there's time left on the clock. How about that? So, here. Oh man, you're supposed to take him out the game because y'all beating them by so many points. Says who? There's time on the clock. It's not his fault they stink. So now, Bam goes for 83 points. Number one, shout out to my dog Patrice, my fire bro. And for everybody out there hating, let's talk about it. So, 20 years from now, 30 years from now, the record books going to say Wilt Chamberlain 100 points, and until further notice, Bam Adebayo 83. It ain't going to say they was playing against the Washington Wizards and they sucked. It ain't going to say any of that. It's going to simply say Bam Adebayo on March 10th, 2026, scored 83 points. That's all it's going to say. So, for everybody out there hating like, "Oh, man, Spo shouldn't have done that. Oh, man, Bam shouldn't have kept doing They shouldn't have fouled. They shouldn't have done this." Miss me with that. First off, Bam had 43 at halftime, which means, for all the haters out there like, "Oh, man, he should have came out the game." If they didn't suck, he was well on his way to 86. So, for those hating like, "Oh, man, he just ran it up on them." No, if you do basic math, he had 43 through two quarters. If you take those other two quarters, and he's on average to get 43 again, basic math would say that's 86. He scored 83. So, he actually scored less than he was on pace to score to start the first half. And by the way, or throughout the first half. And by the way, if the Wizards weren't tanking and and balling, then he would he wouldn't have been he probably wouldn't have been in a position to score 83. Or, maybe he would have been in a position to score 83, but everybody just wouldn't be hating because the team just wouldn't have been losing by 30. It's not his fault that that's the roster that they got on the floor. So, I think it's absolutely crazy. I really think it's insane that people are really hating. I saw the Wizards coach kind of hating a little bit like, "No, bro, it's on you." Like, you could have stopped it. I saw Ime hating a little bit like, listen, we've seen so many people stat chase and stat pad in the NBA. I'm sorry, but no one stat padded their way and chased stats to 83. So again, I don't care who you playing, I don't care how you do it. To score 83 in the NBA game is crazy. So I've watched guys chase stats. I watched a prominent center, I won't say his name because y'all always say I'm picking on so I watched a prominent center in the NBA at one point, this was years ago, stay in the game down 25 points to our dubs team, we was just mopping everybody, mopping the floor with everybody. Stay in the game down 25 points, almost 30 points, late in the game, chasing a double-double. So people chase stats all the time and we going to act like this man was just chasing stats to get 83. No, he had 30 points in the first quarter. 31 in the first quarter. To act like, "Oh man, this was just a guy chasing stats." Like, look at No, out of You score 83 points in a game, that's almost impossible to do. To score 83 points in an NBA game, it is impossible to do. Except one other person. Outside of Bam, it's impossible to do. Clearly, it's never been done. Only one other time it's been done. So again, to sit and try to act like, "Oh man, it's wrong and this that. You know what I want to say? Shout out to coach Spo. Man, I got love for coach Spo for that. So many times you see coaches take guys out like, "Oh, we got to leave the sportsmanship shit." that. Shout out to coach Spo. He called timeouts. He called He ran technical fouls. We getting this record for our guy. I respect that. You know why? Because Bam didn't nor did coach Spo choose for the Washington Wizards to be in the position that they're in. So then they don't have to pay the price for it because they didn't do it. Stop all this fake sportsmanship talk. Shout out to Bam, man. 83 on all the haters. Oh man, should it not have been Bam? Should it have been someone else? No, it was exactly who it supposed to be. The dude who went and got the points. Shout out to Bam. 83 of them. Also, so I saw this I saw this little printout and it said the most random performances in NBA history. It said Bam Adebayo scores 83 points. Second most points in a single game blah blah blah in NBA history blah blah blah. Bam's previous career high is 41. Blah blah blah. Malachi Flynn drops 50 off the bench. Corey Brewer goes for 51 with only two threes. Michael Carter-Williams NBA debut. His points decrease every year after his NBA whatever. Tony Delk puts up 53 with no threes. All right. Now, you see the problem I have with these other four? Respectful guys. They're not Bam Adebayo. I hate how everybody's trying to act like Bam had this random performance for like some bum. Might also remind you that uh Bam's averaging 20 this year also. But, might also remind you that Bam's a three-time All-Star, two-time Olympic gold medalist, first-team all-defense defender, has been on multiple all-defense teams. Let's not act like Again, I love Corey Brewer, by the way. Much respect to Corey Brewer. But, this is like an All-Star, Olympic gold medalist. Like, we just going to act like Bam's just random like performance. Like, no. The Miami Heat made a decision, to move on from Jimmy Butler, who's great, and build around Bam. What? It's like Let's stop acting like some bum when he did something crazy. Like, this is Bam Adebayo. Are y'all kidding me? So, anyway, I can't believe it's been this much fuss made about Bam getting 83. Like, he cheated or something. out of here. Shout out to my dog. Congratulations, Bam. That was fire. Shout out to coach Spo. That was fire. SGA scores 35 to beat the Nuggets. And a lot of talk I heard was um that that game pretty much locked the MVP up for SGA. And I'm not a big fan of like, "Oh, man, one game changes something." Like, I just I know a little better than a little bit better than that. Needless to say, I think in the fashion in which he did it in, um he's been struggling with injury or just kind of coming back from the injury. And to, you know, Jalen about, you know, just the different injury, Harden staying out, the different injuries that they've been dealing with. And just to still show like, "Nah, I'm him. Like, it don't matter. Like, whatever it is, this is what I'm doing." And he got to his stuff. Pulled up for the Tracy for the game, just like he did over me. Um And that's what he did. So, to say is he for sure the MVP now? I think even before this shot he was still MVP. I think it's great as Joker has been. I don't think he's I don't think he's done anything to where it was like, oh, that's the moment where completely shifted from Shay to Joker. I don't think Joker has necessarily quite taken it. I think when you have a player who is the MVP, um and then they're right there in the race. I think in order for them I think it's their award to lose. In order for them to lose it, you have to do something to take the award away from them. And Joker's been great. Like obviously we know how great he is, but I don't think he's done anything to necessarily take it away from Shay as far as the MVP award goes. So, I think right now it definitely is Shay. I think Joker can miss one more game and maybe Shay can miss three. So, still got to keep an eye out on that, but man, what Shay is doing is incredible. It's like he keeps getting better and better and I respect that cuz you know, ultimately you're putting in work. Yeah. The Spurs are playing the Nuggets right now as I'm recording this, but Wembanyama has been extremely dominant recently. In a big match-up against the Celtics a couple days ago he had 37 on eight for 15 from three. Uh which which is crazy. And you know, quite honestly, I think I think what Jaylen Brown said that he said it best. He's like, when I'm talking two-way players in the league, I ain't talking about Wembanyama. And I agree with what he said. Like Wembanyama's just this other worldly thing, man. Like I'm not even going to say other worldly person or thing. Like he's just this other worldly thing. And everything that he does is going to take you like four people to do. Like he is that special of a player. And um I think he keep this up like it's going to be him that goes and snatch has to go snatch the MVP award, but Wemby's been incredible, man. Um to see that he does it on both ends of the floor. Talking about, you know, is he the best two-way player in the league? No, he's not. He's something else. To put him in a category with everybody else, it's just saying he's something else, and we just going to put it that way. It's not like, "Oh, man, there's three and these guys or there's two-way player." No, he's different from everybody. So, is he the best two-way player in the league? He's just different than everybody. He does all of these things at the most elite clip. He's just different than everybody. And that's just what it is. Uh something I saw last night that made me really happy is my little bro, Dejounte. Dejounte Murray makes a three over Jamal Shead. He falls down. Dejounte gets in his face, stand over him taunting him. And it's funny because we was in the facility today, and they were like, "Yo, what you think of Dejounte doing that?" I said, "The crazy thing is just you have to know Dejounte to know that Jamal Shead had to be talking crazy, had to be doing the most." Because with who Dejounte is, Dejounte keep himself very chill, very right here. Because if you know Dejounte, he don't have to be right there. Right? And so, he keep it very chill. For Dejounte to do that, you had to be talking, you had to be doing something. And yet, he did what he going to do. But that flip can switch fast for Dejounte. He could get right on that type of time. Needless to say, man, I love to see it. Uh now, most importantly, love to see my little bro out there back hooping, getting to it, doing what he love, being a leader that he is. Had somebody come up to me say recently, uh an NBA executive come up to me and said, "Man, you was right about Dejounte. I completely underestimated him and undervalued how good he was. I said, "I know." Dejounte is a leader and he love basketball. And he's a damn good basketball player. He love this, right? So, shout out to Dejounte. I love what happened. I see people like, "He did too much." Shut up. I ain't out there on the court. He did too much. He shouldn't have done that. He did out of here. Eating well matters, but busy days can make it hard to eat right. Factor is a great way to go if you need to get a meal in after workout, in the middle of a packed day, or whenever you need an easy way to get the right food. These meals are dietitian-designed, chef-crafted, and ready in just 2 minutes. No prep, no cooking, no excuses. Factor meals are packed with lean proteins, colorful veggies, whole food ingredients, and healthy fats. No refined sugars, no artificial sweeteners, no refined oils. Whether you're managing calories, eating more protein, or just aiming for healthier habits, Factor makes it doable. They rotate 100 meals every week with options like high protein, calorie smart, Mediterranean diet, GLP-1 support, and ready-to-eat salads. Plus, the new Muscle Pro line is perfect if you're focusing on strength and recovery. Always fresh, never frozen, and ready in 2 minutes. Finally, a solution that works. So many people rely on Factor, and you should, too. Head to factormeals.com/draymond50off and use code draymond50off to get 50% off and free breakfast for a year. Offer only valid for new Factor customers with code and qualifying auto-renewal subscription purchase. Make healthier eating easy with Factor. I'll be honest, healthy habits have never been more important. So, this year, I actually found a routine that's much easier to stick to. Grounds. Feels like doing the least, works like doing the most. A simple, delicious daily habit that makes a real difference without overhauling in life. If you haven't heard me talk about GRUNs before, they're a convenient formula packed into a daily snack pack of gummies. I love that it's not just a multivitamin, a greens gummy, or a prebiotic. It's all of those things and more at a fraction of the price. And the best part, they taste amazing, so it feels like a treat every day. Each pack is vegan, nut-free, gluten-free, dairy-free, and free from artificial colors and flavors. With 20-plus vitamins and minerals, 60 ingredients, including nutrient-dense and whole food ingredients, and 6 g of prebiotic fiber, that's more than two cups of broccoli. GRUNs makes healthy easy. Bonus, it's HSA/FSA eligible, so you can even use your healthcare funds to cover it. Kick your new year off right and save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grunsco. That's code Draymond at gruns.co. Man, before we get out of here, I got to talk about um just some things that came from the Unguarded podcast with my dog Fred VanVleet, and Quez. Uh had a good time with them guys on their show. I appreciated them having me on. And uh you know, I just kind of talked a little bit. And the topic came up about just me as a basketball player and my game and all these different things. And a funny moment came when I we were talking about I was just telling him like people come up to me all the time and they say like, "Yo, my kid play just like you." And they be thinking to themselves like, "Yo, like Draymond in his head probably think I'm saying my kid is nice." Or at least that's what they think they're saying. But when I say that, I know what they're trying to say. And what you're trying to say is, "My kid plays hard. My kid does the dirty work. My kid is possibly smart. Uh my kid defends. My kid can pass, my kid should screen. Like that's what you're really trying to say. And when I hear that I I just think to myself and you know, I said what I think. But the reason I think that is because like I didn't do those things to get here. And don't get me wrong, I've always been a winning basketball player. So I've always made winning plays. I've won at every level I've ever played at. So I've always made winning plays. But like once upon a time I'll give you 30, no problem. Walk in the gym, put me down for 30. I'm going to go get 30 today cuz I want to. So if your kid can't like really score the basketball, it's going to be it's ultimately going to be hard for them to make it through elementary, middle school, high school, college and get to the NBA never being able to do any of that if you play basketball that whole time. Because you're never truly going to get to know the notoriety because all those things that the parent could be talking about is like some things that you do in playing a role. And in the NBA, the reality is most people have to play a role. You figure 90 5% of the NBA, ultimately you have to play a role. And so can you figure your role out and what you do what what you do with it? My role was never going to be the score. Uh, which it have been because that's what I was. But it wasn't. So I had to figure out a different way. But in figuring out a different way, like make no mistake about it. When I was in high school and college, I would like the guys who you love now, I I I I would do those things. And so if your kid is just doing those things in like middle school, I just don't really think your kid going to make it. And that's kind of what I was getting at when I made that statement. I know a lot of people hit me up like, "Yo, you tripping. You ain't ass." Like, "No, I know, I'm great. I wasn't saying I ain't great like make no mistake about it. I very much so am great. But I had to like adjust everything and like become great at the things that I'm great at in order to become me and who you know. Or I could have been like most people that don't reach that level. You know, but I I I like to hold, you know, tip my cap to the fact that I like man If somebody came and told you yo, the thing that you do best, you can't do it. Now go be great. Could you be great? No, you couldn't. And that's why I smile when y'all talk. And that's why I feel the way I feel about me. Cuz in order to become great, I had to go do something that I wasn't great at and still became great. Wow. How about that? That's crazy, right? Yeah, that's how I feel about that. So, that's what I was getting at. Make no mistake about it like I don't struggle in the confidence department. I wasn't saying like yo like yo, you're a hall first ballot hall of fame. I believe so too. Like all of that. Nonetheless, as a competitor, as a basketball player, there's still some piece of me that's like I said it's crazy. I said this to my my brother my guy Travis Walton. We always talk about basketball and a few months ago we was just having a random conversation and I told him I said there's still some um I said I'm I'm still a little self-conscious though Travis. You know, like uh about my career. He was like, what do you mean self-conscious? You great, you did it. And I was like, yeah, because a part of me still feels like I still never really got to give my whole game. And what could I have been if I was actually able to give my entire game? And so yes, I'm very proud and happy of like what I've been able to accomplish but large part of me sometimes still sit and be like, damn. Like But if I gave you my whole game could I have then gotten the top 75? Cuz I know I was right on the verge, you know, like And so I think about all of that stuff all the time because the numbers would have looked totally different, right? Like when I was scoring, if I stayed at that pace and was able to keep playing that game. I wasn't able to keep playing that game. So I had to figure it out. And ultimately I did, right? But you know, I think there's always that question. You know, or you know, on the Fred VanVleet pod, I saw some other things come out of when I was talking about Warrior fans. Make no mistake about it. I absolutely love Warriors fans. Absolutely love. It's the only NBA fans I know. And obviously Detroit Pistons fans. It's what I know. It's my home. Make no mistake about it. But I also get a lot of people hitting me up and saying this and saying that. And the reality is there's real Warriors fans. Guess what though? If even of real Warriors fans, I know they all don't love me. That's just not realistic. It's not a real thing. Like somebody's not going to love you. That's just what it is. And for those who don't yeah. I meant every word I said. And for those that do I think they understand the words that I said. Now and the love is always there, right? The love is always mutual. But like for the fair-weather ones, that's my comments was more about and they want you gone and this and that. Like, nah. Major role in building this thing. You don't You just don't get to decide that. And when I said like no, yeah, they were like career losers, those those were facts. Uh it wasn't a shot at anyone. That's just Those were just the facts. Like I just presented the facts. Like And so, when I said that, it was to those that that don't necessarily understand the process of how some work. And they wanted to see the process and it go great, but you don't want to see it when it don't go great. That's why you're a career loser. That's what you you're used to. So, you you don't want to see the the rest of the process and how everything plays out and how stuff could still happen because you've never been through the process. So, it's your first time. I get all of that. That's what I was speaking on. But make no mistake about it, the love is the love for Warriors fans. I got nothing but love for Warriors fans. And to the fake Warriors fans who hopped on the bandwagon after we created this greatness and then you want to talk, shut the hell up. Miss me with all of that. That's what I was talking about on Unguarded podcast. If you have not seen it, go check it out. Great episode with a guy that I respect a whole bunch, an NBA champion and battled it out in playoff series. Uh much love to my dog Freddy V. Shout out to the champ. I want to appreciate y'all for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. We got Ant-Man and the Wolves coming up, then we're off to the Garden on the East Coast trip to face the Knicks and more. Holler at y'all next time. That's a wrap from this episode of the Draymond Green Show. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holtzmann. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Odyssey. Moira Curran, Josephine Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
