What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we have I had the honor and I think uh maybe his first podcast interview ever. Uh but this past college season, he was the SEC player of the year. Uh he was the SEC Rookie of the Year, SEC SEC tournament MVP. Um AP All-American first team selection. Honestly, guy who I think was the best point guard in the country by a long shot. Uh took his team to the sweet 16, won the Bob Koozie award, uh which is given to the best point guard in the nation. Uh becoming the first player from the University of Arkansas to win that award and the first freshman uh kid from the city of Detroit played on the same AAOU team I played on with the family. And I had the opportunity to do this interview before I recorded the intro. And when I tell you in doing this interview, I've obviously had a lot of experience um of dealing with people from the city of Detroit. And there's a certain mindset that comes with a person that's from the city of Detroit. and with with with our guest Darius Auff. Um, you can tell in speaking to him and you I hope you can see the same thing in this interview, but you can tell in speaking to him that he embodies what it is to be from Detroit, but it's a little extra sauce and spin to it, right? like he he has the confidence of someone from the city of Detroit, which ultimately is going to bode so well for him as he as he started his journey into the NBA. So, hope you all enjoy this interview as much as I enjoyed it and and getting to chop it up with the young fella. But let me introduce to y'all none other than the one and only Darius Akuff. Welcome to the Draymond Green Show, my brother. Appreciate you for having me, my guy. Thank you. As we start this interview, I think getting into it got to start uh with the NBA finals. Have you been watching these games? Um anything you're watching and specifically if you have been watching? Yeah, I've been watching um really been I've been focused on, you know, both teams of course, but really been um seeing how Jaylen Brunson is navigating uh through the defense and stuff like that. Um obviously as a point guard myself, you know, I've been paying attention to that. Um, but no, it's a great it's two teams that got that got great players, but they role players is really, you know, taking over the game and getting them, you know, Cat is getting the Knicks, he getting it done for the Knicks right now. So, I'm definitely seeing that. You had to pick the Finals MVP right now. Who Who is the Finals MVP right now? If the series ended last night, if the series end I got to give it to JB, I got to, man, he he doing something different. But who changing the game? I definitely say Cat. It'll be it'll be between them two cuz cat he taking a big like a big role on defense too. So he doing he doing a lot right now for sure. I say that but it it'll be between them two. I would definitely have to go I would definitely have to go with Cat. I think like what he's doing defensively but it's it's been huge. Um, I think, you know, taking on the challenge of Garden Wimby coming into this series, I think we all thought OG would be the one to have to take on that challenge, you know, and to see him embrace and take on the challenge, I've enjoyed it. But I'm going to tell you another thing that I've that I've watched that I think has changed the game entirely. He's he Wimby's guarding him and he pulling Wimby away from the rim. So now you got Wimby away from the rim. He's not rebounding as well. He Wimby has the same amount of rebounds in this game uh in the series as Josh Hart does, you know, and so he's not rebounding as well because he's pulled out from the rim. He's also not having the same uh impact entirely on the game defensively because he's pulled away from the rim. And I don't, you know, when he's able to float around, they've been trying to do some things where Cat, you know, if Cat sets a screen, they're trying to switch to get Wimby to the corner so that he can still protect the rim. But with him having to guard Cat Cat shoot the ball so well, I think that's changed that that's messing their whole game up. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Exactly. Exactly. So, it's been But I'm going tell you another thing though. I think a lot of guys in the league has had a problem with Cat because a lot of guys have felt like he don't he don't play hard enough. He don't play tough enough. He don't play with the intensity that most people want him to see. And I think in watching his playoffs like he's changed that entirely and it's the key to why they why they're having the success that they've had. Sure. Facts. I agree with that. Um just want to get into your you know your background and you know how you grew up. Uh, first off, I know your dad uh played at Eastern Kentucky and I know, you know, growing up, heard a lot about it. Um, mentor yours, uncle, uh, Rashad Phillips, one of the best scorers to ever come out of the state of Michigan, you know, um, watched him growing up, one of the best scorers. and you know he's to my knowledge he's him and your dad has played a huge role into the uh player that you've become. Can you talk to me about those your dad and Rashad and the impact that they've had on your game and your life? Yeah, for sure. Got to give got to give all the credit for sure to my pops. Um I would say um ever since I was born, you know, he's been that that one person that I've worked out with um growing up. He kind of was my AU coach too. Um, so for like over the first couple years of my AA time, my pops was my coach, so I had him on the sidelines with me. Um, Rashad, like he was there, but Rashad, people don't know Rashad moved to Orlando a while, like after he got he got done playing. So Rashad wasn't around as much, but every time I seen him, he he show love. He worked me out. I go out there sometimes. Sometimes he come back home, we work out at his high school, Ferndale. Um, so but both of them for sure. But my pops, he was the main one with me every day. uh teaching me everything I really know about the game. Um but yeah, it was both of them together, them two basketball minds for sure. So, it's great to have them around all the time. Absolutely. I've had I've had the pleasure of meeting your dad. Uh but you know where Rashad I've I follow him on Twitter and when you see the things that he say on Twitter about the game of basketball he's one of the most brilliant basketball minds that I've seen from the things that he's the way he breaks down the game but then also the way he evaluate talent like I think he evaluates talent better than most people in he be calling stuff out four years before it happened for it's unbelievable man this dude be like yo Damen Lillard, this kid, a freshman over at Weeper State, watch out for him. Four years later, Damen Lillard, a top six pick. Like, the way he evaluate talent is insane. And you know, I know your dad played at at Eastern Kentucky. Uh he played one year, had a great year there. Do can can you give us the background, the story of why he had such a great year and but only played one year after school? Uh yeah. So, my pops um his coach, he he left school after that. um his coach uh Scott Perry I think uh went to the NBA after that. So he kind of he kind of left school. Um was at home for a while. Then he went back um to Shaw and stuff like that. But yeah, he um he the first year I know I know he told me like the first year he was there he didn't he he didn't play cuz he broke his foot or something like that. He sat out. So he got one year back and he played that was that was his first year. The next year I believe. So he No, he was I never seen no tapes or nothing. Um they don't have you know no tapes out or nothing but from my knowledge and what I've heard you know he was like a great point guard. Um, great great fast point guard, willing to get a ball up at any time, but if you need him to score, he will. And the only thing he probably got over me is the bounce, from what I've heard. Um, that's the only thing he got over me. I don't really do too much dunking, so that's the difference between us for sure. That's hilarious. You you you mentioned the name Scott Perry, uh, being his coach. I've known Scott for a long time, uh, from his days in Detroit. Uh, obviously was, you know, coach at University of Michigan as well. just coming up. He's now uh the general manager of Sacramento Kings. Uh throughout your life, have y'all kept that relationship constant? Do you know Scott? Well, how what's what's the relationship there? Yeah, I ain't really no growing up I wasn't really uh communicating with Scott like that. Um I ain't really know who who my pop's coach was, you know, growing up. Like I always heard the name, but I ain't, you know, I was young. I didn't understand, you know, who he was. He worked in the NBA, all that type of stuff. So, I got knowledge of it around uh 2023 when I was at the USA camp and he was he was one of the speakers there and I'm like, "Oh, that's this who y'all been talking about." So, I went up to him. I'm like, "Yeah, you he like he I introduced myself." He like, "Yeah." He like he talked funny. He talked like he from the city. He like, "Yeah, I know you. I know you." He like, "Yeah, coach your dad." I'm like, "Yeah, for sure." And then from that point on, it's been love for sure. But first time I met him, I was 16. 20 23. Wow. That's amazing. That's incredible. And speaking of first time meeting and being 16 years old, uh we played on the same AU team. Uh you know, Coach Speedy, incredible, the family. Um Speedy was the first person to tell me like, "Yo, you're a guard. You got to get in shape." Sweetie would always do this like, "Yo, man, you got to lose some weight, Drake. You guard size, man. You got to you got to get yourself in shape." Because at the time when I started playing with the family, I I always had guard skills, right? I grew up playing gu point guard like as as a young. But then once I got to once I got to high school, I was playing the four and then the and and sometimes the five, you know, and so I go down there, I get in the post, I bang, I had post work, all of that. And Speedy would tell Shaq was my favorite player growing up, right? So Speedy would tell me like, "Hey man, I know you love Shaq. Shaq uh Shaq seven feet Dre you 66 you're Richard Hamilton height you guard size Dre All right so you gotta start shooting three you got to bring the I'm like all right cool thank you like let me shoot the three let me bring the ball upside absolutely I'm pushing the ball up I'm shooting three like yeah now speedy I do all of that for sure but he had uh and I only had the opportunity to play with the family for a year and the the impact that he had on my life, on my game, um was incredible. What What was it like for you growing up and playing with the family and having a guy like Speedy, you know, who's running the program around to to help your game grow? Yeah. I just um I was just with him like an hour ago. He was at my workout. He told me he told me I was at the I met him at the gym or something. He told me to tell you he love you too. He told me to tell you that before I came out. I love coach. Yeah. He told me to tell you he love you. But no, Speedy was he was he was there from the start, man. Like my first I first went to the family in 8th grade, which was during co um so I wasn't in school, you know, I was online, you know, co was happening. So I switched to the family uh came from Bates Fundamentals at first. Um I was with Reach all my life growing up. My that was our uh our neighborhood AU team growing up and then I switched to Bass for like a year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was our team growing up. So, you know, I went to Speedy in the eighth grade and from the first practice on, he was he was on me. He like he always say like, "Yeah, nephew. First time I saw you, I thought you weren't listening to me." Cuz I had like a m you know, co I had a mask on, so I'm not, you know, he like, "Hey, I thought you hardheaded little you weren't listening to me." I'm like, "No, I'm listening to everything you saying to me." But he he had a big impact, man. Speedy the first person to, you know, teach me how to really like be a leader, you know, of a team. Uh I was young playing up and he just told me like the team going to go as you go. That's one thing you got to learn cuz you about to enter high school. Um when you get to the next level in college as a point guard, you going to be the leader. So that was one thing he installed in me first. And then he just always told me, make sure your teammates love you first and then that's when you you start playing the game more. So I give credit to him a lot. Uh him and Ryan, that's my dog for sure. Ryan, his daughter, that's my dog. So yeah, Mark is the best. Yeah, Ryan is amazing. I actually had the opportunity know if you remember I I came and watched y'all play when y'all played at Seal Beach um a few years back. I think that was your four year summer. Yeah. Maybe before your senior year. Yeah. Before my junior. Few years back. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I I had the opportunity to watch you and Trey McKenna. And I must tell you, watching you then and watching you now, you were you were a really good player then. Yeah. And you're on your way to great now. But watching you play then. When I left that game, I was like, man, I wanted to see him go at them a little more. Like, I don't know if he cared enough, but he's so good. I wanted to see him. And then the next time I saw you play, IQ through the roof. Pace of your game through the roof. How you controlled the game was out like grew outstanding. But what I saw in particular and which a lot of people had something to say about it and I I completely disagree. What I saw was this year, especially towards the beginning of the year, and I think it changed a little bit as the year went on and you realized you had to do so much for your team this year. um the challenge you start taking defensively like I I I from watching your game then to watching your game now. I think you've become so much of a better defender but the pace of your game I think you you figured out that you know I'm that slow to fast right like not always at one pace slow to fast when I need my speed burst when I don't. I think I've seen that grow uh so much over the last couple years. Can you can you like who's helped you over the last couple years? You you transfer, you left Castec, transferred to IMG. Um who's who's helped you so much over the years just grow the way you've grown over the last two years because it's been absolutely beautiful to watch. Yeah. Uh I agree with everything you said. like around that time I felt like I was just like like just hooping, you know, just going out there just hooping, just trying to trying to score, trying to, you know, just hooping out there. Um, but I think that switch, you know, the IMG helped me a lot, too. But really, really, like I said, my pops, man, he he been there through everything in my life. So, him being in my ear, like you would think he your biggest fan, but after every game, he telling me like, "Bro, you not you not going hard. You not playing for real. like you treating like if sometimes we play a weak team, he like you got to treat everybody the same cuz what if what if that weak team beat you one day and now they going to be talking about oh we beat them or we did this to him you know. So I just think that switch to IMG really kind of shaped me a little bit like made me take the game a little more serious. Um cuz you know in that league over there you got to you got to you got to have that you got to have seriousness seriousness in you cuz you playing against somebody good every day for real. Um, but going to college that was I I knew I had to have a different mentality playing with coach Kyle that it ain't that ain't for everybody. You know what I'm saying? So you got to have you got to like like I said with Speedy that leader part that's really what took me to the next level this year. I felt like trying to be a leader because you know I'm playing with older guys. You know I had guys on my team Brazil um Nick Malik they was all 22 23. So coming in at 18 you know I got to I got to speak up. I got to be vocal or they gonna be like, you know, this our point guard, you know what I'm saying? So, just taking just taking that, you know, from high school to college, that I think that definitely helped me a lot. But I give a lot of credit to my coach at IMG for sure. And speaking of coaching, uh, Coach Cal has coached so many great players, um, so many great guards, uh, point guards in particular. uh one being on y'all staff this year. Uh what was the impact of coach Cal, but even more than coach Cal because I I know how great Coach Cal is. What was it like for you having a Tyler Ulis on the staff? A guy who I see all the time every year that he's been on there. When the guards come out the game, he's sitting next to him. What was it like having Tyler Ulis? young, can relate to you, you know, just finished playing in the NBA, just college not long ago. What was it like having him on the staff there at Arkansas with y'all? No, it was great, man. When we like when I first learned he was there in Kentucky the first year he was there, I think was 2023 that year. I was a junior and that was around the time Cal was recruiting me. Um, so I started watching TU a lot. Like I knew about him of course, but I never really, you know, studied for real. So I started studying for real and I'm like if he was 6'4 he might have been he might have been like a real real like he was a problem but if he had 61 six if he gave about three four more inches he probably we we still be talking about him right now in the league I feel like. Um, but absolutely he helped me a lot. Like I always tell people any questions that I had as far as like the offense or reading this reading this type of action, I went to TU every time. Like you said, every time one of us come out the game, we sit next to him. Um, cuz he over there talking to us. He giving us knowledge. Um, Coach Cal like his offense is like is pretty much like his guards of course. Everybody know that. So TU knew like the system. TU knew the system. So if he saw something, he instantly he get on it. Boom. Real quick. And I was no choice. I was listening. I'm I'm I'm all I'm all ears, you know. I'm listening to everything he's saying cuz he he know it and I've watched him. I seen I know he knew it. So, he gave me a lot of advice. We worked out a couple times. He was just showing me the pace of the game. Um just how to read, you know. He was the first person I think at the end of the year towards my end of my freshman year like like start drawing fouls more, like start not necessarily like flopping, but like like getting to the line more cuz the team started guarding me different. He like, "You got to start drawing more fouls." and it started working for sure. That's fire. That's fire. It's so amazing to have somebody like that. I think I think all coaches need to bring in former player, young former players that can relate to to guys, you know, like so so often these coaches, the the great coaches we know now, Tom Iso, John Caliper, they're getting older, you know, like you look at all the great coaches, they're getting older. And I think having a guy like that on your staff, to me, I think it's a Chico honest with you. For real. That's right. All right. Like, you got somebody who can relate to the guys. Like, you got somebody who they're going to feel comfortable talking to, right? They can have a relationship that you can have, you know, and I and I think I think that makes a world of a difference in my opinion. His staff his staff is he got a cheat code staff for sure, Coach Cal. He got he got Kenny Payne over there. Uh he got he got coach Chin over there who I was that's like aunt to me. He trained me every day. That's what I was working out with. Um he got Bruiser Flynn. He got his son Brad Calipar. He got TU. He got Ronnie Brewer. Like that's that's like a lot of NBA knowledge over there. So it was that's that's the best of the best to me. Like to have all that knowledge over there with you is crazy. Absolutely. Uh shifting gears a little bit. Uh what draft lottery day um couple weeks ago. What was it like for you watching the draft lottery? Obviously, we all go into the draft knowing like, yo, these three teams, well, for you, it'll be two or three teams. For me, I was looking at I did 19 draft work, so it's a little different situation. But for yourself, I'm sure you and your agent probably know like, yo, these two these three teams, I'm really in play here at three or four. I'm really in play here at five or six. Uh, what was the draft lottery day uh for you? Like, just kind of your first experience. Um, in the NBA, but a a bit, you know, where you're it's the first thing to impact what's going to happen to you for the rest of your life. Uh what what was that day like? That that day was that was a lot of nerves going on, man. For real. Like sitting there in the front and seeing what's happening, seeing all the live, you know, teams trading team, that's that's something crazy to watch. Um, I was I was I ain't going to lie, I was a little when when it got to 10, I was I was sitting there a little tense. I ain't going to lie to you. That's the first time you feel some nerves. For real, man. It's crazy cuz you like you seeing this that just happened in Indiana. That just happened like what? How'd that happen? So, you don't understand it, but you you there you live. You seeing it happen. So, as far as like me having my mom there with me was the best part though, more than anything, having my mom, it was Mother's Day, so having my mom right next to me and watching all that, telling her what's going she don't she ain't understand what was going on, so I'm telling her what's everything going on. And that was the best part to me. Like, it was funny, but it was it was so it was it was like it was great to see. Um, cuz that's that's the most nervous I've been in a while, for sure. I ain't going to lie to you. That's it's crazy to sit up there. That's amazing. That's amazing. And speaking of draft, uh I think you said you've done two or three workouts so far. Um what have you learned in in getting into these workouts? Um you know, working out with the different teams. What have you picked up so far and just being in this environment, being around NBA coaches, you know, seeing different general managers and different things? Uh what would you say has been the biggest takeaway from your draft workout so far? I ain't going to lie. you got to be in shape. You got to be in shape. You got to be in shape, man. That's like the first workout was crazy. I ain't going to lie. I'm in there. I'm huffing. I'm I'm gassed. Like this. It's crazy cuz like I'm in there by myself. I'm doing one on those. So, it's it's it's a different type of it's a different type of environment. But just taking all the knowledge, you know, from the NBA staff. That's been the best part for me. Um I think in this whole process, you know, I've been learning how to ask more questions. You know, I'm not the type of guy to just go ask and do the, you know, lately I've been trying to ask more questions just to see how the game, you know, how the game goes. Um, you know, we coming from college, we young, we freshman, you want to know how it goes. So, I think the best part is the knowledge I received from each team and, you know, just seeing how how the NBA works. Um, it it's been great to see for sure. But, you got to be in shape. That's my number one thing I took away from it for sure. It's crazy. The conditioning level has to be at another at a completely different place than it was before. I've been drinking I've been drinking water more than more than I ever been. I've been drinking water more than ever. That's hilarious. Uh you you look at the NBA now, what what current point guard uh in the league are you most excited to to match up with next season? Um I would have to say I say Kyrie Irving. um just the the way he man the way he do everything is just it's it's amazing to watch but it's also amazing like to learn from you know like you you rewinding stuff back when you watching it you seeing different things that he do um I feel like him and Steph you know them two great guys that you can watch and really learn from cuz they do a lot of different things you know Steph moves without the ball more than better than anybody I've ever seen um Kyrie get his shots off better than anybody so just just watching those two I'm definitely excited to play against those two for sure. I would say just guarding them and taking that challenge and, you know, hopefully competing against them and not knowing um which team will draft you yet. Obviously, the draft isn't here yet. Uh but would you say that there's a specific style of play uh that that fits your game? A specific style of play that you would be looking um to play in more than another. Yeah. Um I would definitely say like a fast-paced team. um like a get out and run team like after a m after like we gone we getting into like a team that don't really got to run too many plays to you know to score I would say for sure um like I said I like I like to flow into stuff like just learn stuff throughout the game so I feel like you do that by you know running different actions but really just hooping like moving the ball around and trying to trying to beat your man off the dribble or setting certain screening rows but it all take watching film I would say for sure um cuz every team has different defensive schemes especially in the playoffs you know, your whole game plan got to change. So, id definitely say definitely a fast-paced team like getting out and run and like let's let's go like let's hoop try to score a lot of points but also getting back and getting stopped for sure. Mhm. And you know, you're going to go to a different city uh obviously um adjustment, you know, different state, different city probably than you've ever lived in before. Kind of adjust to the way of life. Do you plan on your family going uh moving with you uh to the city that you're going to go play in? You going to go by yourself? One of your boys going to go? When I first got drafted, one of my boys went with me. And he moved with me for like two or three months and then he ended up moving back home and and and well, he went home and and and ended up never coming back. But it definitely helped me uh those first couple two or three months. I mean, even different from you. I never left the state of Michigan, right? growing up in Sagenol, then going to Michigan State. I never lived out of the state of Michigan. So, it was huge for me having somebody that could be with me there uh when I was making that adjustment. Uh how how do you see it going for you yourself? Anybody going with you? Yeah, I definitely um I'm definitely going to bring my mom, pops, and my sister for sure. Um cuz they like every every step of the way, them three been with me everywhere I've been. And you know, I'm not going to stop something if it's working. You know what I'm saying? So, I want them to see everything that I'm seeing. Um, but definitely u want to bring some I want to wait. You know, some of my homies they still in college and some of my boys still in college still trying to you know you know do they basketball stuff. Um yeah we they still in college trying to do their stuff too. So I'm going probably wait a couple years for them. But you know I definitely I'm bringing them of course to the draft and stuff like that. Um definitely my family want them to see everything that I'm seeing. But the main three for sure my mom pops and my uh sister for sure. That's that's amazing man. And we spoke about this a little bit earlier where I said I I think I saw it a little differently uh than most people seen it. I saw the beginning of the year you picking up guys right at half court. I saw your defensive pressure at half court. think as the season went on, like I said, um you had to do so much offensively to car to carry your team and defense slipped a little bit. But yeah, coming into the league, um are you a guy that that want to guard the the point guard position? Are you a guy that you you rather guard it too? cuz I see so many guys now and the reality is unless that's a that's a road that you want to take on like most coaches don't really put point guards on point guards anymore. I think that's that's that's that's something that we've seen change over the years and and also with point guard the the point guard play has just risen so much. So everybody want a 67 guy to guard the point guard and different things. But do you see yourself as a guy that's coming in like no I want to guard my position. How do you how do you look at it from that standpoint? Yeah, that's how I always been. You can ask any of my coaches in college, you know, no matter, you know, how much like my defense, you know, mistakes that I made every night, you know, if they tried to put me on a two or a three, I'm like, man, I'm not guarding no three. Like, I play the point, man. I'm guarding the point guard, man. Like any of my coaches tell you that. So, I think you guarding you guarding your position is important because especially if it's like a matchup, like you not like if I'm not guarding you, you not guarding me. It it ain't, you know what I'm saying? Ain't no match up. You know, we just hooping out here. So, I'm definitely one of the guys I I like to guard my match up for sure cuz I don't want nobody to get off, you know, more than me. So, I want to guard my position for sure, man. I think I think one thing you should understand coming into this league, bro, is like you come into the league like show show that you want to defend. Because when when I see these guys come into the league and they don't want to guard their position, they're running from a matchup, the only thing people do is pick on you more, right? Like if you if you come into the league as a guy and and and they figure out like, oh man, he don't want to guard, it just puts you in a worse position because now every action that they run down the court going to you is at you. like like my job defensively often times is so easy because people don't want to bring me in action, right? So, right, I often times I I get to sit back like explore what's going on on the other side of the like what they trying to do because they don't want to bring me into action and yet I see some guys coming to this league, bro. And when they come in the league, they show right away like, you know, I don't want to defend. And it make the job so much tougher because now all of a sudden they calling you into every action. Even if they put you on a wing that can't handle the ball or something like that, they're going to bring that guy in. They gonna set the screen with him. Now they try to get the switch every time. So you know what I'm saying? So if I could give you any advice as far as the defenses, like find the coach. You're going to go to a team. They're gonna have an an in theory an offensive coordinator. They're gonna have a defensive coordinator. Find that coach that's the defensive coordinator. Lock in with that coach because I'm going tell you this, half the battle of guard in the NBA is knowing what a team want to do, right? If I know this team want to get to this set, right? When when the game get tough, they're trying to get to this. They want to get a ball to this guy. if you know what tendencies of players most important, right? Like I know the tendencies of this guy. I know the tendencies of this team and what what it is that they're trying to do. That's half the battle on on the defensive side of the ball. So I would say to you, find that defensive coach soon as you get there, right? You come in, you meet the staff who runs the defense, lock in with that guy. Because if you lock in with that guy, most of them mo most of these defensive coaches, they're like they they all they do is watch film all day. And you lock in with that guy, a the way that you're going to learn how to watch film, right? Like so often times I see young guys come to the league and they don't know how to watch film, right? And so you lock in with that guy. It's very, it's going to be very important for you as a point guard to be a film junkie, to learn how to watch film. You got as a point guard, man, you got to make this your life if you want to be as great as you can possibly be. And I'm telling you, man, you get with that defensive coach, you lock in with that guy because if you can learn the tendencies of players and the tendencies of the of teams, that right there alone is going to help you on the defensive end. now is also going to make him take a liking to you and it's going to put an onus on you on the defensive end which then goes to what I'm saying now you're not the guy that they just want to pick on. You know what I'm saying? You not the guy who in every game plan it's like we going at that guy. You don't you do not want to come into this league as that guy. I promise you it's going to make your life much harder if you if you come in and you say, "Yo, I want to defend. I want to guard these guys." Right? It's gonna make your life so much easier. All of a sudden, you I didn't watch you play. You got quick hands. They like, "Yo, we don't really want to around with the ball around him. Yo, let's get him out the action." You want to be that guy because then it what it does honestly is it's going to allow you to save energy for the offensive end, which you're going to need being the point guard, having to run the show. Probably going to go to a team that ain't that great because you're such a high draft pick. you going to need that energy and if you defend it's the complete opposite of what everybody say it's going to work to to your advantage. So I really want to see you come into come into the league man and lock in on that side of the ball. Don't come in being a liability people yo we going to go at him giving people something they could pick apart about you know pick pick you apart on come in with your head down locked in on that defense side of the ball. I promise you bro it's gonna change everything for you right away. Appreciate that. I got you. Absolutely. And you know, just I love what you said about just being a hooper. You know, they ask you about being an undersized guard. Um I'm an undersized guy. Undersized for my position. It don't matter. I love that mindset. Uh but the last thing I I I'll throw at you before we get out of here. um not much success from the city of Detroit right now currently uh in the NBA which means for you and I you know I I go back home I'm in the city down in the city see people you are you you are what everybody's talking about and it's like you're the hope to bring it you know bring Detroit back to the NBA having the whole city behind you uh are you feeling any pressure from the city of Detroit Are you feeling the love? What's the feeling that you're getting with with with you know your drive coming up and you kind of carrying the reigns for the city of Detroit? Yeah, it's I'm just feeling a lot of love more than anything. Um I feel like one thing you know as a city is is we always stick together. Uh Detroit always feel like that. Um no matter how big you get, no matter how you know what side you from, where you none of that, we all we all stick together, you know. That's what I love about our city. And for me, you know, I play basketball, so I'm just I'm they know like people always know me growing up, I'm just like I want to hoop and, you know, get my stuff get my stuff done and hooping and all the other stuff will come after. But for me, I'm just focused on, you know, perfecting my craft. You know, in the NBA, when you when you come out of college, all of your accolades, all of that is is all that is out the window when you get drafted. Like, it's you entering a whole new league. You're not you're not the top guy no more. You're not the best guy no more. You know what I'm saying? So, it ain't no class. It ain't no It ain't no point guard. It ain't no It ain't no none of that no more. You got to re You really really got to reprove yourself for real when you going to the NBA, I would say. Um, but for me, no, it ain't really no pressure for me. I'm just going out there, you know, doing what I got to do. And, you know, I'm doing all that while showing Detroit love, while making sure, you know, we stick together and we just showing each other love and that's how we roll. I love it, man. Detroit verse everybody. Detroit versus everybody. I appreciate you coming on the show, man. This is this is incredible just to hear some of your story, hear your mindset. Uh I think you're going to do great. I think you're going to do great in this league. I'm looking forward to it. I really, you know, this ain't for you. Uh this is me saying this, but I really hope you go to a a great organization because it matters so much. You know what I'm saying? Like and so I I I really want that for you, man. But I'm excited to watch your journey. I think if you're not the first point guard off the board, um, some team is making a mistake because I don't see another point guard in your class if I'm honest. But, um, that's just me. I could be a little biased. I'm always show love to my own, but I also watch the game and analyze it. So, just want to wish you good luck, man. Um, on your journey. It's a fun journey. embrace the rest of this drive process and I look forward to seeing you in summer league and watching you dominate and watching you grow into this NBA game. My god, for sure. I appreciate you, man. We we we love you out here. You already know that. Sag, I love Sagenov, man. I got some peoples out there. So, I love we we watch you all the time. We rooting for you for sure. Like all all the time. Ever since I've been growing up, you know, my family, we always rooting for you cuz people try to people try to talk down like you can't hoop, man. But we always vouching like man he change like he changed the whole process of the whole game and people don't even be seeing it. So I I I definitely been watching you a long time and definitely respect you know the way you do your work. So I appreciate you for having me though for sure. It's always love. Yeah that mean a lot man. I'll tell you what as you and you'll see um just yesterday I was 22 years old coming into the NBA and going into year 15 it it fly by like that. But I'll tell you something, man. To hear that from you, uh, that mean a lot to me because as you get older, you know, it's it's it's kind of a cycle of you come into the league and you see guys, you know, you see everybody and you you like respected, but you you want to you going at these guys, right? Because you like, yo, I want to gain my respect, you know? And and I'll be honest with you, as you get older in this league, the the the life cycle of an athlete is man. As you get older, it's like you go from not having any importance to you grow, you grow, you have this importance and then you start to get older and you really don't know, right? Like you really don't know how somebody looking at you anymore, you know? You really don't know how the young guys feel about you and different things as you go through it because you get older and respect it go from no respect to all the respect and then you almost lose it again. You know what I'm saying? So for me to hear that from you, you you you you won't understand it right now. Uh but I hope 15 years from now when you going into year 15, I hope you can look back at thisation and be like, man, I understand what he meant and how much what you just said meant to me because it's it's it's a it's an interesting thing going going through an NBA career. And to hear that from a young guy who's special, who's about to be a star in this league, it means more than you know. And as you grow in this league, you'll look back on this and you'll understand what I meant. But I appreciate you saying that a lot. That mean a lot. Oh, sir. For sure. Respect. Yes, sir. So, top five. If they if you ain't top five, they all made a mistake. I know it. I see it. Yeah. We'll see it when we see it. You know it. All righty, bro. Thank you. Appreciate you. Yes, sir. For sure. Thank you. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a fivestar rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with the New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Frezinger, and Greg Holtzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtourtney, Tim Mikl, Lauren Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at the new media and the team at Odyssey, Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gainner, and Jake Galley.
