What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we're going to get into both electric game one overtime thrillers. First time, I think, in NBA playoff history that game one of the Eastern Conference and Western Conference finals went into overtime. So, that's exciting. We must discuss it. We'll also discuss Jason Kidd getting fired. Now, if you're going to get fired an extra $40 million on your way out the door ain't that bad of a gig. But, we'll get into that. This stuff is more exciting, so let's just get right into it. This episode of the Draymond Green Show is presented to you by Kayios. Stay tuned for the rest of the show, where I'll tell you about their brand new ready-to-drink pre-workout beverage. We're going to start the show today with the rapid-fire warm-up brought to you by Kayios and their new creatine EAA booster drink. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. Jason Kidd getting fired by the Mavericks. Uh for starters, you have to Number one, I didn't see this coming. Now, Masai Ujiri getting job as president of basketball and all the other things. And, you know, when Masai comes to a place he gets total control. I was talking to a friend about this yesterday. Nobody is doing it like Masai Ujiri does it. Now, he comes in for him, of course, you're going to want your own coach, especially when you have the type of power that Masai Ujiri has when he goes to an organization. You're going to want your own coach, right? So, he take a step back, he comes in. First thing he does Jason Kidd out the door. Now, Jason Kidd just signed a four-year $40 million extension. So, again leaving out the door with $40 million ain't that bad. I do think Jason Kidd will get more head coaching opportunities. I actually think Jason Kidd did a very good job. So, you assess this 5-year tenure. You have obviously a couple missed playoffs because due mostly to injuries. And then obviously this year um pretty sure the goal was to miss the playoffs. Um you have an NBA finals run. But more importantly uh I think Jason Kidd came there to coach Luka Dončić and in the middle of Jason Kidd's run as the head coach of the Dallas Mavericks Luka Dončić was traded away. So, the team that he really came to coach he got a chance to coach and actually have some success uh going to the NBA finals and obviously ultimately losing to the Boston Celtics. Also going to the Western Conference finals in 2022 and obviously losing to the Golden State Warriors. You take a step back and you look like it's a pretty successful tenure. And then obviously exceeded at losing this year because they were trying to lose. Pretty successful 5-year tenure I would say. And I would say this lines him up to if he wants to take one of these head coaching jobs coming up. The Trail Blazers, the Bulls, the Magic. I think he'll be in the race to get one of them. Because that's a really good tenure. Um but the direction of the organization changed uh with the trading of Luka Dončić and then the firing of Nico Harrison uh trading for AD and then trading out of AD. Um Kyrie Irving getting hurt uh hurt you know, tearing his ACL missing all of last year or this past year. Um the season that's still currently going. Like it the whole direction changed over the course of his five years. And yet and still he still has some very successful years in there. So, I don't expect to see Jason Kidd sitting very long. Now, in his contract, there may be an offset, meaning he go coach somewhere else. The 10 million a year that he's making, he probably don't get that. So, you could also expect Jason Kidd to not pick up one of these jobs and say, "I'm going to wait at least 2 years, make these $10 million per year to do nothing, and then I'll start to reassess." Can do that, wait for a better job. However, the one that sticks out the most to me on that list is the Portland Trail Blazers. Jason Kidd from Oakland, Damian Lillard returning also from Oakland. Point guard, point guard, you look at Scoot Henderson a young guard. How can Jason Kidd help him? Right? So, when you take a step back and you look at those jobs, I definitely can see Jason Kidd taking the Trail Blazers job. Now, however, it's been widely known that their coach, um excuse me, that the owner of their team doesn't want to pay the head coach. It's It's been widely publicized. It's been you know, a lot of people's been talking about it. And quite honestly, you're making $10 million to do nothing, and this coach trying to pay a million to uh excuse me, Tom Dundon wants to pay a million to $2 million. I think that will run Jason Kidd the opposite way. But, when I look at the Trail Blazers roster, that looks like the team that Jason Kidd would feel most confident on this list in going into next year saying, "Yo, we got a chance to compete." The Orlando Magic also is a team that's going into next year you saying can compete. The Bulls, not so much. So, I wouldn't expect him to even interview for the Bulls job. But, if he wants any of these jobs, he'll definitely be right at the top of the list because his 5-year tenure with the Mavericks were extremely successful. And of course, we're going to discuss the Spurs game one win over OKC, but first I want to answer this question. Was Wemby's game one a top five playoff performance you've ever seen? He had 41 points, 24 rebounds, on 56% shooting, 49 minutes played, two blocks. It has to be up there for the top games because you have to put in context what's actually happening. And what I mean by that is this team, this young fella, just went on the road versus the the defending champions the night Shai Gilgeous-Alexander was presented his MVP award without their starting point guard and they went on the road. He did everything he had to do including hitting a bomb from no man's land. He did everything he had to do to make sure they won that game. Including defensively, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander struggled and a large part of that is these guys aren't recovering. I've always said when Shai gets to going downhill, you can't recover and try to cut him off. You have to ride the hip and almost let him go. Well, them letting him go, he's running into Victor Wembanyama. So, some of the shots that Shai normally takes, he didn't even take. Some of the shots he normally make, he took and shorted on them. That's the presence of Victor Wembanyama. And so, when you talk about top five playoff performances, this has to be up there. Another one that comes to mind is Klay Thompson game six in OKC. Has to be up there. Down three to one, coming back from that to force a game seven, that has to be up there. You think LeBron James game five versus the Detroit Pistons. That one has to be up there, right? You're talking the all-time top five playoff performances that I've seen. Right, that is three of them. Uh Steph Curry game four. Steph Curry game four in Boston has to be up there for top five playoff performances that I've seen. And the fifth top five playoff performance that I got to go with that I've seen and and I have to use this one because quite honestly it affected me. Um in getting the ring. Kawhi Leonard versus the Philadelphia 76ers to do all that he had to do to then game them boys in the corner with the double bounce shot kneel over. I got to go with that one. That was an elite performance. Ultimately you know, started the the road to Toronto Raptors first and only NBA championship. So I got to go with that one. That's my top five performances that I've ever seen, but Victor Wembanyama, he's definitely up there. Want to thank Thanks to our friends at Kayak for sponsoring the rapid fire warm-up. I'm feeling ready to go and you'll feel ready for your workouts with their brand new creatine EAA booster drink. The Swiss engineered ready to drink pre-workout beverage has a dual chamber cap from V-Cap that keeps the creatine, caffeine, and other ingredients separate until you open it. Just push the cap and it mixes right in. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. If you're trying to keep up with the NBA playoffs right now, you already know. The games are kind of everywhere. One night it's on ESPN, then the next game you want to watch is on ABC or NBC. And suddenly you're bouncing between apps trying not to miss tip off. It can get overwhelming fast. That's why I've been liking Sling. It's one of the most flexible live TV streaming services out there and it really lets you watch the playoffs your way. If you're mostly trying to catch the ESPN games, their passes are a great option. You can grab a one, three, or seven-day pass depending on what you need, which is perfect if you're following a specific matchup or just tuning in for a big weekend. And the best part is there are no long-term contracts, so you're not locked into anything. You can watch on your terms however you want. Learn more at sling.com. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89%, and developer called Intersect Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion, bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a Reg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financial projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. Caffeine just got a serious flavor upgrade. If you're used to the same old routine 5-hour energy shots, we're switching things up with tasty caffeine in 17 different flavors, and they're not holding back. Right now, everyone is talking about the cotton candy flavor. It's got that sweet nostalgic vibe in a tiny convenient 2-oz bottle. It's a fun twist on your usual caffeine option, and it actually tastes like something you look forward to. And the best part, you get bold flavor with as much caffeine as a 12-oz premium cup of coffee, plus zero sugar and no sugar crash. It's big flavor in a small package, easy to take wherever your day goes. So, whether you're switching things up or just want something that tastes better, this is a solid move. Give your caffeine a flavor upgrade with 5-hour energy shots. Get yours in store and online at www.5hourenergy.com or amazon today. Now we'll move around the NBA playoffs and as we just spoke about Victor Wembanyama, we must speak about the Spurs, uh their key performances. And so last episode I told you elite guard play has to it has to happen in order to win high-level uh playoff games. And this was before they announced that De'Aaron Fox would be out. I said De'Aaron Fox has to play great. It almost has to be him over Wemby. Wemby's going to do his thing, but you need elite guard play to win at the highest level cuz you must control the game, turnovers, pace. What are you get What sets are you getting into when you need it? Different things is is bigger than just the numbers. And listen, Victor Wembanyama was spectacular, but when I speak about elite guard play, I thought it need to be De'Aaron Fox. Did not know no De'Aaron Fox was going to be out. He was questionable. I thought for sure game one of the conference finals, never played in the conference finals, he'd be out there pushing through it. He didn't. No harm, no foul. Dylan Harper is special. Dylan Harper, he's impressed me all year. Um I didn't get an opportunity to see him play much in college, but when I tell you this kid is special. Um 24 points, 11 rebounds, six assists, seven steals. Forget the 24 points. Forget the six assists. 11 rebounds from your point guard, seven steals is insane. Like that's dominating the game at every facet that that he could possibly dominate it at. In the Fogo, it was so patient. It didn't look like it was his first conference finals. Looked like he'd been here before. I mean Dylan Dylan Harper, wow. Wow. Had no clue that he was this special. You know, and you've seen it building over the year. But, man. Dillon Harper with his play, he takes this team from being in the pipeline to win a championship soon to like the way he's playing, they could win a championship right now. I mean, he is unbelievable, special, knows how to use his size, knows when to use his speed, getting more and more comfortable with the jump shot. People, he not even super comfortable with his three ball yet. Imagine once next year, next 2 years he coming, he just rising up from three, too. Yo, and and it's pure basketball. It's pure like no foul baiting, no none of that. Just like, "Yo, I'm scoring. You can't stop me." Every time I got a smaller guard, I realized that I'm getting to the hole. Finishes around the basket extremely well. He special. He is special. Stephon Castle, you already know how I feel about Stephon Castle, but he is special. Between these two guards and Victor Wembanyama, OKC, listen. I still believe OKC's going to win this series till proven otherwise. I'm not going against the champs. However, OKC is right now in the midst of building a dynasty. The San Antonio Spurs are right now in the midst of building a dynasty. These two teams {slash} people will determine who actually does it and who doesn't. And right now what's so important for the San Antonio Spurs are you know this is this is ahead, right? Like if the Thunder win this series, they they automatically in the build-up of this rivalry holds the advantage. And what I mean not the they won advantage. I mean the mental advantage. Because once they beat you once, now you come back next year or 2 years or 3 years from now, you're going to remember that. And they're going to remember that. And they're going to feel like they big they can big bro you. And then you got to overcome that, which is even tougher. And so this series right now is so important. So important for what the next 5 years or so 10 years possibly looks like in the NBA. It is so important. Going to need a bit more from Chet Holmgren. Chet Holmgren talked about this rivalry. Everybody's talked about this rivalry Victor Wembanyama and then like Chet's not really guarding him. And I can understand that from a standpoint of Chet's coming over and whooping stuff similar to a game plan we'll talk about later. I can understand it if there's like this game plan adjustment that's like yo, we want him here so he can do this. But it it almost came off to me as like he didn't want that smoke. And Wemby want all that smoke. You know, most cases you know, somebody ask you oh man, you you were you motivated by that guy getting MVP trophy? Most cases people going to be like oh no, not really. I don't know if it's the language barrier or or or Wemby is just cut like that. But he come out and say yeah. I was. Of course. Right? So I love the mindset. I love the demeanor. I love how he's approaching it. Or swagging in front of their bench. The face of the NBA. Everybody been arguing who is going to be. Wemby said it's me. I'm that. And he doing that. Alex Caruso had an incredible game for the Thunder, 31 points on 57% shooting. Unfortunately for Alex Caruso, his 31 points could never be what Shai Gilgeous-Alexander's 31 points are because it just does something different to the defense. Now, you take that from someone who's had 30-plus points in very meaningful games and it not being Steph Curry. It just does something different. It causes a different reaction. The amount of points that other guys are getting off of that star player because they're getting those points is also bigger, right? So, that the impact is much larger. So, Alex Caruso, incredible game off the bench, 31. Unfortunately for OKC, if it's not Shai getting off, but Alex Caruso, it doesn't really guarantee you wins. And that's just an unfortunate, you know, side of the NBA. Yeah, you want to come out, you want to play great, but you need your stars to play great in order to win at a high level. Jalen Williams said postgame that Wemby's presence affects his decision-making. Listen. Welcome to the world of all of us in the NBA. You have to always know where he is. And due to that, you can't play split-second basketball. You can't make quick decisions. You always got to be lurking to know where he is, which can throw the timing off a lot of things, right? But it was good to see Jay Dub back out there. He had a great game. Um a lot of minutes, so it I thought at some point they pull him going in the game two on one day rest. Coming off a hamstring, those things can get tricky, you know, so that's I think that's something to watch for. Uh but you know, you have to ask yourself the question, what can OKC do from a game plan and rotation standpoint and adjustments that they need to make? Well, number one, I think they're going to have to play Isaiah Joe more. They're going to need shooting. Pretty much what San Antonio is saying is we're packing the paint and you're going to have to beat us from the three-point line. Lou Dort, you're going to have to beat us from the three-point line. Right? They're all of these guys, Chet Holmgren, you're going to have to beat us from the three-point line. Cason Wallace, who's been shooting incredibly, you're going to have to beat us from the three-point line. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, you're going to have to beat us from the three-point line. By the way, if you think you're not going to have to, we got this big fella down there. Go ahead and see how that looks for you, right? So, they're doing what everyone has always believed OKC need what would need to be done to OKC to for them to beat you on your terms, which is make them beat you from the three-point line. However, no one else has Victor Wembanyama at the rim. And so, that that changes things a bit, right? But, I think they got to get more shooting out there on the floor. Um I think Chet Holmgren is going to have to to take on the challenge. I think they're going to actually aside from having more shooting on the floor, they're going to need to to deploy their two-big lineup, I think, a bit more. Because for Victor Wembanyama, that size on the backside makes a difference, right? So, if you say you got Chet Holmgren in the action, guarding Victor Wembanyama, and you got Harden seen on the backside, that size on the backside makes a differ- a huge difference when you're playing against Victor Wembanyama. And so, listen, yes, OKC can do it, uh but the Spurs, they were four and one against these guys for a reason. Uh they present some challenges that are tough for OKC. Yes, they can figure it out. They're going to need to make more shots. Um we'll see De'Aaron Fox coming back. Uh you know, how does this affect De'Aaron Harper, right? De'Aaron Harper's been playing great even coming off the bench. I think he'll continue to play great. Um but, De'Aaron Fox coming back, what I spoke about in game one, De'Aaron Fox still got to have that same mentality. You must have elite level guard play in order to win at a high level in the NBA playoffs. And so, De'Aaron Fox will need to play huge. You're going to need Stephon Castle to just do what he do, right? And then it always comes up huge. And then you're going to need a great game from Wemby. Now, you got to go in if you're the OKC if excuse if you're the San Antonio Spurs, you got to go into this game like, yo, this is our chance to go up 2-0 going back home. You got to come out nasty, thirsty, hungry, physical. And Wemby got to be dominant. Will it be 49 and 24? Maybe not. But, he got to be dominant and he got to dominate the way he's been doing. You know, I remember sitting in my car right before I hit record on my first episode. I had this pit in my stomach. The what ifs were screaming at me. What if I fail? Taking a leap of faith was terrifying, but it ended up being one of the best decisions I've ever made. The difference between a what if and a reality is usually just having the right tools in your corner. I really wish I had a partner like Shopify back then to ease these worries. Shopify is the new commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e-commerce in the US. From household names like Allbirds and Skims to brands just getting started. If you're worried about the tech side, don't be. You can get started with your own design studio. Shopify has hundreds of ready-to-use templates to help you build a beautiful online store that matches your brand style. And for those of you worried about the workload, Shopify is packed with helpful AI tools that write your product descriptions and even enhance your product photography. It's time to turn those what ifs into with Shopify today. Sign up for your $1 per month trial today at shopify.com/draymond. Go to shopify.com/draymond. That's shopify.com/draymond. I'm always looking for anything that actually helps with performance and recovery without turning into a complicated routine of powders and supplements. That's why Kayak caught my attention. This is a ready-to-drink creatine booster that's engineered to work the way creatine is supposed to. It's Swiss engineered, sugar-free, and it even won a global innovation award this year. The reason it's different is because most creatine drinks lose effectiveness sitting on shelves. Kayak solved that with this really smart V-cap design. The creatine stays sealed separately inside the cap until you open the bottle. So, when you press it and drink it, you're getting a full fresh clinical dose right then and there. And it goes beyond creatine. You've got essential amino acids for muscle support, citrulline for endurance and blood flow, caffeine for focus, plus betaine, electrolytes, and plant extracts to help with hydration and recovery, too. It's one of the few performance products I've heard about lately that genuinely feels innovative. Kayak's creatine EAA booster, visit k-e-x.com to discover more. That's k-e-x.com. In our other game one in the Eastern Conference Finals, the Knicks come back to beat the Cavs 115 to 104 in overtime, take a 1-0 series lead, which means the Cavs scored three points in overtime. This was 101 to 101 going in overtime. The Knicks rallied from down 22 points in the fourth quarter, and if you're watching the game, you can see exactly what happened. Jalen Brunson finished with 38 points and six assists on 51% shooting. Landry Shamet and Mikal Bridges hit some clutch threes in the fourth and overtime, which is what we need to talk about. So, Jalen Brunson gets going in the fourth quarter and goes ballistic. Expected from Jalen Brunson. What wasn't expected was the way it happened. Expected in a sense, but I didn't think they quite let it happen. And that is Jalen Brunson living on an island with James Harden guarding him. That's just not something you can let happen. Like James Harden's been out of it for 17 years. Teams have tried this over and over again. You have to expect that this is what they're ultimately going to go to. And so, you have to have some other coverage, a show with James in coverage, right? Put James on the guy that you're not worried about making plays in the pocket. Do some other things right there. James, you're blitzing and then you're getting like But the switch Also, this isn't just a coaching issue. Like yeah, if you're Kenny Atkinson, you want to adjust sooner, but this isn't just on Kenny Atkinson. When you're trying to compete at a championship level, you must have guys that want to take on that challenge. I'm not switching at this point in the game. I'm getting through this screen, the first one. And by the way, the problem that we have with most of these guys are you set the screen, they switch. Set the screen Let them set the first screen, don't switch. Let them set the second screen, don't switch. Fight through it. They don't just want to give the ball to the other guy. Jalen Brunson want to make the play. So, don't switch the first one. Don't switch the second one. Now, as opposed to Jalen Brunson getting the ball with uh getting the switch with 19 seconds on the shot clock, 17 seconds on the shot clock, now he gets to switch with six or seven seconds on the shot clock. Now, you got to go. Now, our defense can react and we just end up in a rotation. But, it's not just dicing us up, tearing us apart. And, that's what happened last night. They just switched every time. But, you must have guys that want to take on that challenge. And, who would take on that challenge? Dennis Schroder would take on that challenge. Dennis Schroder was taking on that challenge. When Dennis Schroder left the game, things got a little bleak. Because, you got guys in there that don't really want that challenge. They don't want to fight through the screen and say, "This is my match-up. I want to stop this guy." They don't do it. I watch this every night in these big-time playoff games. A guy who, man, I'm a defender. I want to defend. And, you switch every time it's an opportunity, too. Every time. And, I don't understand it. I don't understand it. Guys simply don't know how to win, don't want to win, don't want to do what it takes. Some of Along those lines. But, it's ridiculous. Watching these guys just switch off. Ain't James Harden's job to to guard Jalen Brunson? It's not. No matter how you want to slice it, it is not James Harden's job to guard Jalen Brunson one-on-one. It's not. It's not what HE'S PAID TO DO. SOME OF THOSE OTHER guys who's just switching off, it is your job. So, everybody want to come out, "Oh, man, Jalen James Harden got crushed and duh." How many guys have James Harden picked on and put in that situation? Seen it for years. Right? Who he wasn't going to do that to was Steph Curry, though. Cuz, we weren't going to allow it. We weren't going to just switch and watch Steph just iso iso with James Harden. Why would you do that? Makes no sense. We weren't going to allow it. Just wasn't going to happen. By the way, if I'm out there, I'm getting through there. If I'm not guarding that guy, I'm doing something on the backside to tell the guy, "Yo, go here. Do this. Go that." We're not about to sit here and watch him ISO Steph Curry. They just watched him ISO James Harden. We need Steph Curry to go score, man. I don't need you wasting your legs out here. Tell Steph all the time, bro, "Just don't give up a straight line drive. I'll be there." BECAUSE I DON'T WANT YOU FIGHTING WITH THAT DUDE. Not because you can't, because why do I want you doing that? MAKES NO SENSE FOR YOU TO do that. I don't want you sitting here trying to guard James Harden for 12 dribbles. that. Don't give up a straight line drive. We're there to help. You can make the next rotation. That just about to sit there and watch him line up one of your best offensive players. Have him trying to guard, trying to guard, trying to guard, so his legs going for the other end. Hell no. So, I was baffled by this. I'm still baffled by it every night when I watch these guys accept switches and not really want to guard the guy. So, everybody going to come out and say, "Oh, man, James Harden got annihilated. They're picking on him." They should pick on him. Why not? You tire him out. Absolutely pick on him. So, all of a sudden them threes that will fall late, they fall short. Yeah, pick on him. It's the Cavs' job responsibility not to allow it. But, something tactical happened here. 2015 tactical and technical. 2015, Steve Kerr, game four, Golden State Warriors second round versus the Memphis Grizzlies making adjustment that changes everything. Steve Kerr makes an adjustment to put Andrew Bogut on Tony Allen and not guard him. Draymond, you're on Marc Gasol, you're guarding him straight up. But Bogut will be around to help if you need it, but you got him straight up. Harrison Barnes, you are front Zach Randolph, you're not making contact with his body. Bogut, you're mirroring him everywhere he go. Not guarding Tony Allen. And I watched the Cleveland Cavaliers deploy a similar strategy with Josh Hart. And Josh Hart was playing great in the first half. Double-digit scoring, all of that. But a lot like I talked about Alex Caruso, it don't matter. Because what it was doing to everyone else offensively was an issue. The paint was clogged, there was nowhere to go. Cat couldn't get off. Jalen Brunson was doing, you know, getting to the floaters, but couldn't get all the way to the rim much. And then everything changed when Landry Shamet was out there and Josh Hart came out the game. Now, if you're Mike Brown, you're going to have to figure out ultimately in this series how you can come back the way they are guarding Josh Hart. Because you need Josh Hart's intensity, you need what he brings to this team. He brings dog. He brings a lot to this team, so you need it. We did We deployed that strategy. And when we deployed that strategy, it took Tony Allen off the floor. Once it took Tony Allen off the floor, they were no longer good enough to guard us on the offensive end. So, that was the series. They never won another game. This is what they're doing to Josh Hart. A similar putting the big on him and they're not guarding him. You want to hit a three, go ahead. You want to hit three of them, go ahead. We don't care. We want to keep Karl-Anthony Towns and Jalen Brunson out. Karl-Anthony Towns didn't have many assists. They did a great job on all the off-ball action. It was great. In large part though, you got a guy standing at the block that name is Jared Allen. So, all those cuts and he's there. So, if the Knicks are the Knicks listen, down big, got it done. Kudos, job well done. They're going to have to make some adjustments though. And one of the adjustments we saw was Josh Hart was rough. Um, second half he couldn't play. And once he came out, that's when they rolled out. But sometimes it be like that. That's no knock to Josh Hart by the way. Sometimes in playoff series it just ain't your series. We'll see if Josh Hart can make this a Josh Hart series, but sometimes it just ain't your series. They have a perfect group to play that type of defense versus the Knicks. So, sometimes it may not be your series. We'll have to see how this develops, but when they made the sub and put more shooting out there the whole offense opened up. Jalen Brunson got going, and I expect Karl Anthony Towns to get going more so. I think they need to put him in the corner more. You can hit him and run some uphill DHOs. Now he's rolling, hitting the pocket, getting the ball out to guys. But they're going to have to move him around more. He was just standing at the top of the floor going to DHOs and stuff. And what that did was that put Karl Anthony Towns in the corner. Karl Anthony Towns has been at the top of the floor making all the plays for this group throughout the playoffs. With with with Josh Hart out there and the way they guarding him, it put Karl Anthony Towns in the corner. And that's not going to ultimately be a recipe for success for the Knicks. But by the way, Knicks fans, don't be having a parade yet. Let the Knicks win series first. And then go after another one before y'all throw a parade. But, got to tip my cap. It was a hell of a game one, and I'm looking forward to game two. Also looking forward to seeing how they're going to use Josh Hart and not allow the Cleveland Cavaliers to use Josh Hart against them. That's going to be the biggest adjustment. And then the Cleveland Cavaliers, the ball start Everybody say the ball stopped. The ball stopped moving. Let me tell you when the ball stopped moving. The ball stopped moving when they when they started going the hack-a-Mitchell Robinson. They start hacking Mitchell Robinson, the score Mitchell Robinson was missing free throws. Cleveland wasn't gaining more separation, 14, 15, 17, 14. And in turn, they lost all their offensive flow because you're playing off of free throw every play against a set defense. That's when they lost all their offensive flow. Wasn't that the ball just stopped moving. They deployed the hack-a-Shaq {slash} hack-a-Mitchell. And when they did that, lost all their offensive flow and they were never able to get it back. That's when the game changed. Ultimately, you out-think smart yourself sometimes. It happens in this business. I think if Kenny could take that one back, he would because they were rolling and they were getting the stops that they needed. So, I don't think we'll see that one again. Change your offense, it changed the game. Now, it's time for the Slingshot of the night, brought to you by Sling TV, the most flexible live TV streaming service. Watch the NBA playoffs on ESPN with a Sling one, three, or seven-day pass starting at $4.99. Learn more at sling.com. There's only one shot to talk about. It does not take long. It's Victor Wembanyama for 40-plus feet out. Same spot Steph Curry hit the Thunder in in 2016. It It beautiful to see. And by the way, when I when I was watching it and I saw him walk into it, I said, "Oh, that's cash." And you knew that shot was going in. He wanted the shot. He intentionally shot it from that far and looked at them like, "Y'all really not going to guard me out here?" It take a killer to do that. That is our Sling Shot of the Night, Victor Wembanyama from 40-plus feet out. Mike Breen would have probably hit him with the double bang. That was our Sling Shot of the Night, brought to you by Sling TV. Sling puts the consumers in control with their flexible subscription options. Want to watch one game or even a full series on ESPN? Grab a 1, 3, or 7-day pass starting at $4.99. If you want to watch as many games as possible, get a monthly subscription and their combo package. Either way, Sling lets you watch the playoffs your way. No long-term contracts. Learn more at sling.com. Want to thank you all for tuning in to this episode of The Draymond Green Show. Until next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with The Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holtman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josefina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rolls, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galle.
