What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, the best two words in sports is game seven. I'll break down what I've seen in this series up to this point, some thoughts on this series, and obviously a prediction for game seven. With nothing else going on in the NBA, let's get right into it. This series has been interesting because the storylines from this series has been oh man, they're pushing Wemby too much to oh man, Shai's flopping too much to oh man, the referees are calling too many fouls for Shai. Oh man, Shai's falling too much. Um And what what has not really been appreciated is the the level of play on the floor. The elite level of play that Shai Gilgeous-Alexander brings to the court. Um the elite level Steph Curry-like play that Victor Wembanyama or Steph Curry-like excitement that Victor Wembanyama brings to the floor to where you're watching a game and at any moment when you're not watching that game, you can miss like one of the most insane things that you've ever seen a player do a la Steph Curry when you're watching Victor Wembanyama. And it's ironic that none of the conversation has been about that or the play of Dillon Harper, who's a rookie and just keep finding a way and yeah, he's had a couple bad games, but he keep finding a way or the elite level defense of Stephon Castle. Elite level defense, I say it again, of Stephon Castle. The Stephon Castle's turning the ball over too much to two games in a row of one turnover. Why are we not talking about these things? Because sports media sucks. It's awful. No one talks basketball anymore. But no one knows basketball anymore because the is just moving too fast, huh? Everything's moving too fast and so we want to pinpoint the thing that we can slow down. Shay's falling. Shay's at the free throw line. Everybody's complaining about Shay getting too many too many foul calls. And going into game six, Shay had shot five more free throws on the series than Wemby. But the whole complaint is Shay's getting too many foul calls. I don't understand it. Oh man, he's foul baiting. Shay, what I will say is you've reached a new level of greatness, my man. Congratulations. Your hard work has paid off. You reached a new level of greatness because you have sports media heads coming out and talking about what they don't like about your greatness. Imagine that. You got people coming out talking about what they don't like about your greatness. That's incredible. As if Shay Gilgeous-Alexander is running up and down the court with the whistle in his mouth calling a foul for him self. That's what we going to act like. We going to act like this man has on a a zebra shirt and he's blowing the whistle for himself. Or we can just act like the the complete integrity of the NBA is all off. And they just calling fouls for Shai Gilgeous-Alexander. The NBA ain't got no integrity. They just calling fouls for one guy. Fortunately, that theory doesn't work because the other guy on main guy on the other side going in the game six has shot five less free throws. When all the complaint was happening, that's why I'm saying before game six. Imagine that. So, so that theory don't work. So, maybe we can just appreciate greatness. And what Shai is showing and what he's doing and what he's capable of. Maybe we can just appreciate the greatness. And if we going to appreciate the greatness for what it is, then we got to appreciate what Stephon Castle is showing us. Then we got to really appreciate what that young man is showing us. Which is elite-level defense on a back-to-back MVP of the NBA. Now, yes, it's a little bit tougher. Jay Dub ain't out there. Even Jay Dub was just out there. Jay Dub wasn't out there. AJ Mitchell ain't out there. It makes things a little tougher on Shai. So, give Stephon Castle his credit. Also, let's sit back and identify what's not there, what is there, why this isn't happening, why this is happening. Man, when you when you take your secondary ball handler like Jalen Williams off the floor against a great team, yes, they've been able to do it all regular season. Yes, they've been able to do it through the playoffs, but now they are playing second best team in the Western Conference. It catches up to them at times. Then you take your third best ball handler, AJ Mitchell, off the floor. Catches up to you. So now all of a sudden Jared McCain has to handle a little bit more. Right? I don't know that he's best suited handling and creating for himself. Yeah, he get to it at times, but I don't know that he's best suited. Especially not on the road. At home, little bit more comfortable, little bit you they got they going to bump you a little bit less cuz you get the home whistle. That's just how things go because referees are human. Right? Like So that's just how things go. You get the home whistle, you going to get a little better little better whistle at home. Right? So they ain't going to bump you as much. You know, like So it's easier for a Jared McCain at home. Struggles a little bit more on the road to get to different things. Right? So now you take those two secondary ball handlers off and you got more of that. It's tougher. Right? Just a little bit tougher. And so But again, give Shai Gilgeous-Alexander his credit. his credit. I don't know why we just can't appreciate what these guys are doing. Everybody got an opinion, but they ain't never did it. Everybody. Hov said it. Everybody want to tell you how to do it, they never did it. Everybody got an opinion though. I mean, I've been baffled watching people talk about Shai Gilgeous-Alexander. Like he just not him. Like he didn't just win back-to-back MVPs in the NBA, which is the best basketball league in the world by a long shot. There's not a close second basketball league in the world to the NBA. There's not a close second. That's no disrespect to anyone. That's just a fact. From a money value standpoint, talent, it's just not a close second. And this guy who's been number one hands down the last 2 years, we really going to try to discredit him and act like it's all because he flopped. It's all because he drew some fouls. That's what we really going to You You all think the NBA is that easy to where this guy just flops and go to the free throw line and he becomes like the back-to-back MVP in this league? We going to really dumb the NBA down to that. That's That's That's a shame. It's actually sickening. It's sickening. I have a fine appreciation for the work Shai Gilgeous-Alexander puts in, and I don't know the work he put in because I don't see him work every day, but I do know the work he put in because I know to do that again, to be the defending champ, come back running MVP back again. I know the work Steph Curry put in. I've seen that for 14 years. And the guy that I seen do that, win a championship, and then come back and run it back and win MVP, I know the work I saw him put in. So, I got an idea of the work Shai puts in. And we just going to dumb that down to a flop and drawing a foul. Man, stop it. Really? We really not going to act like this dude can't get a bucket any which way? We really going to do that? We really going to act like the NBA is that easy of a place to succeed that he can just fall or flop and get a foul call and go to the free throw line, and he going to be the back-to-back best player in that league 2 years in a row, and we going to act like it's just that? I'm sick of it. Uh I am I am sick of it. Why we just can't appreciate these players, man. They're doing it at a high level. I'm enjoying watching it. It's been a little unfortunate the games ain't been that great. Right? Like Game one was great. Every game after that kind of been a blowout. That's been a little disappointing. But with home teams winning you know OKC winning got the one that Spurs they needed to get. But it just I if I'm honest it hasn't been like like give me some great games, man. Like I want to see some great games, some back and forth, some ah man they were struggling with this, they figured it out and now they're doing this, they adjusted and figured this out. It's been kind of like ah man OKC looked tired tonight. All right, they ain't going to play the fourth, they get they're throwing it in. All right. Wemby looked tired tonight, he come out not aggressive in the first half. Next night he energetic, he come out aggressive and 16 shots in the first half. Like yeah, that's the Wemby y'all going to need to beat them. IT'S BEEN MORE OF THAT. Who going to come out more aggressive? Yes, that's always the number one adjustment in any NBA series is turn up the pressure, get more aggressive, get more physical. That's always the number one adjustment. Make no mistake about it. But that's kind of just been the tale of this series. And I don't know that it should be that way. So now So then you ask yourself the question like that's happening with OKC right and they're able to stay in this series but OKC's kind of down there second and third best player if you will, maybe second and fourth best player. And but but but but you got to play who's on the floor. And so I'm not saying that that's San Antonio's fault. Make no mistake about it. That's not San Antonio's fault. And if they pull off this series, I don't care who is down. You win the series, you got to win who play. So, I'm not That's not a knock at San Antonio at all. But, what it does say to me is that that's where you see the age show up. That's where you see the inexperience show up. Now, they're getting through it because again, they're getting through it for whatever reason they're getting through it. Whether your opinion is because they're hurt or not, they're getting through it. But, you have to sit back and wonder like if OKC was healthy cuz they just put these boys away. Needless to say, it does not matter. But, I feel like that's where you start to see the inexperience creep in, right? Because you just can't skip over the process. Like that's just not how it goes. That's where you see the inexperience start to creep in. Again, we'll see if they can ultimately close out this series. They've given themselves a chance. Now, on the flip side, De'Aaron Fox missed the first couple games, hasn't quite been himself, struggling a bit. You wonder if that's due to the injury. I've seen Fox in the playoffs. Fox is not one to go hide and you know, he's not one that struggles with pressure or big moments. Fox ain't that guy. Now, this is the biggest moment of his career, furthest he's ever gone, of course, but Fox ain't that guy. Right? So, he's a little banged up as well. It's kind of been a war of attrition. You hate that it turns into that, but it happens in series where you get games every other day. You know, the first round spread out crazy and then all these games start happening every other day. We saw Cleveland hadn't hadn't had 2 days off um for over a month or so. They were still going. So, you know, it turns into a war of attrition at times. And right now, San Antonio's kind of winning that battle a bit. You know, Shay looked a little tired. Now, game seven coming up, Shay's a great. He'll figure it out. Wemby's kind of been every other game. He gave you everything last game. Can he get it going for this game seven? I expect so because he seemed like somebody who want all that smoke. He want all that smoke. He's shown that. Can he power through every other game? Durability, right? Like when you're talking about competing winning a championship, durability. Can he do that? With with these guys, um, you know, looking tired here and looking tired there. Again, I talk about the lack of experience, but one thing I will tell you all is whenever the season ends and in particular on long playoff runs, when it ends, like when you're when I'm going through the playoffs, honestly, I don't I don't feel tired at all. When it ends, the moment it ends, whether it ends in the second round, like last year against Minnesota, whether it ends with winning a championship, like 2022 or multiple other years, or whether it ends in losing in the finals like 2016 or 2019, no matter when it ends, I feel like I got hit by a truck. I mean, it's literally like the it's just like boom. And often times for days after, I don't leave and go out of town. I literally just get find me a spot for days and just sit there. And often times sit there and just like blank stares. And I sit there like that because what it boils down to and what these young guys got to understand is ultimately everybody's tired. But I don't even allow my mind to process that I'm tired. Like I can't allow my mind to process the thought of being tired because if it processed the thought of being tired, my body is done. I'm hurting. Of course I'm hurting. It hurts. It hurts to win a championship. It hurts to go through the playoff. It hurts. I promise you, it hurts like hell. When you see these guys out there falling constant That I promise you they getting up and going that hurts. And so I don't allow my mind to process being tired because my body can't take that if if my body If my mind process it, my body is done. So the moment my mind processes, "Oh man, it's over." It feel like I got hit by a truck and I often times for days just sit there and blank stares and try to gather myself and I tell everybody around me They like, "Yo, how are you?" I'm like, "I'm awful." "Why are you awful?" I feel like I got hit by a truck and I don't have a life. "What do you mean you don't have a life?" Well, for 9 months I've shown up at this place at this time every day for 9 months and now it's over and I have to figure out what I'm now doing with these days. Yes, I have a family. Yes, I have a kids. But again, for 9 months you had this regimen and now it's gone. Whether you wanted it, you lost it. But also more importantly, I now just processed tired as And so these young guys got to understand, you can't be tired from game to game in the playoffs. You can't allow your mind to process fatigue. But then you get hit by the truck after. If you're trying to keep up with the NBA playoffs right now, you already know. The games are kind of everywhere. One night it's on ESPN, then the next game you want to watch is on ABC or NBC. And suddenly you're bouncing between apps trying not to miss tip off. It can get overwhelming fast. That's why I've been liking Sling. It's one of the most flexible live TV streaming services out there and it really lets you watch the playoffs your way. If you're mostly trying to catch the ESPN games, their passes are a great option. You can grab a 1, 3, or 7-day pass depending on what you need, which is perfect if you're following a specific matchup or just tuning in for a big weekend. And the best part is there are no long-term contracts, so you're not locked into anything. You can watch on your terms however you want. Learn more at sling.com. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89% and developer called Intersect Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel and before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion dollars. Bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a Reg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. Now, before I let y'all know what my prediction is going into game seven. Uh I will share a few things, just some of the factors that I think going into this game seven is extremely important. Home game matters. Right? Because we've seen the difference in the Jared McCanns, we've seen the difference in the Lugorts, we've seen the difference in the Chet Holmgrens. We've seen the difference in these guys when they're in Oklahoma and when they're in San Antonio. That matters. That does matter, right? Like which of these teams role players are going to play better? Ultimately, OKC's role players and bench has has played much better throughout this series. So, I expect them also with their experience at home in OKC to play well. Who's healthy, right? Like diagnose, you got to make a decision, right? One of the decisions, you see J if Jay Dubb got it, if Jay Dubb ain't got it, you kind of got to go away. Kind of got to trust the guys that have been doing it because Jay Dubb ain't played much all year, let alone throughout these playoffs. Game seven? But, Jay Dubb is a champion. And and and I believe, although he hasn't played, he's one of those guys he can muster up something in a game seven. He been there. That matters when you know how to do it, right? So, but they kind of need to figure that out fast. I don't think this is like ah man, we going into the second half seeing if he find it in the second half. Not saying he can't, but I just don't know if if that's what they want to go with when they have guys that have proven they can still win. Right? It's not a situation of like yo, if he don't play, they don't have no chance. It's a very deep roster. And so, ultimately, do you trust the depth or do you ride do you ride out on the same horse that you've been riding in on? Now, now, again, been hurt, but think they got to make that decision fast. Referees come in and allow this game to be physical, advantage OKC. Advantage OKC. OKC has shown that when the physicality is there, they can make San Antonio struggle with it a bit. Victor Wembanyama getting one and two rebounds in the first half. OKC got to come out on that. How do Russ going to call that? I think the Russ going to let the whistles go. You have to. You got to let these guys decide. It's too big. You got to let these guys decide. Right? That's important. Who's making the big adjustment? Diagnal or Johnson? Neither one of them it don't really matter. This is game seven. This is Victor Wembanyama versus Shai Gilgeous-Alexander. That's what this is. There's no adjustment in game seven of the conference finals. There's no adjustment. There's no adjustment for game seven of the conference finals. Right? I think one of the biggest adjustments that has been made this series is how they were guarding SGA, doubling every single time and crazy doubles from everywhere until like, come on man, let's play boxes and elbows. Back to the basics. Double every now and then. Keep them off balance. Right? I think that's been one of the biggest adjustments, but there's no adjustment for game seven from a coach. This is game seven. This is players. That's what this is about. Who's going to be Nick Young? Game six and set game seven with big threes and big stops on Shai Gilgeous-Alexander. With big threes, big buckets, big rebounds, big stops on Victor Wembanyama. Who going to be that guy? Shai been turning the ball over more often than usual. OKC turned the ball over last game far more often than usual. Only average 12 turnovers a game all year. Stephon Castle up and down with the turnovers. Some games doing great, some games real loose with the ball. Who's going to win the turnover battle? Every single one of them matters. Every possession matters. This is it. It's game seven. It could be a 90 to 86 score. Every possession matters. Who going to win the turnover battle? And again, it's the biggest game of Victor Wembanyama's life. It's the biggest game of his life. Most would say, "Oh, no, the gold medal game in in Paris." No, it's not. This is the biggest game of his life. Because even if he won that game, it wouldn't have done a lot and it would have been incredible for the country, but it ain't going to stamp him like winning an NBA championship will. It's the biggest game of his life right now against the two-time back-to-back MVP, the defending champs. This is the biggest game of his life. Who going to win that battle? But, it's game seven. You got to let it all rip. Game seven, there's no There's no thoughts. There's no second guess. You shoot. You drive. You go. a foul. Who cares? It's game seven. It's game seven. Most crumble. There's some that don't, but most crumble. Most crumble. I can't wait to see who going to show up for game seven. And by the way, until you beat the champs, I'm rolling with the champs. Until you dethrone the champs, it ain't up to me to pick against them. It's up to San Antonio to pick against them. That ain't up to me. This show is sponsored by Liquid IV. Summer is when I really try to get outside and stay active, whether that's an early morning workout, walking my dog, or just spending the day out with friends and family. But, the more you move and the hotter it gets, the more you realize how important it is to stay hydrated. That's where Liquid IV comes in. No matter what sun-soaked activities get you going, you need hydration that actually keeps up. Liquid IV delivers longer-lasting hydration than water alone. I've been bringing Liquid IV's hydration multiplier sugar-free packets everywhere. Throwing them in my gym bag, putting a few in my carry-on, even keeping some in the car. It's so easy. Just tear, pour into 16 oz of water, and you're set. Just one stick hydrates faster than water alone, powered by an optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients. Plus, the flavors are so good. White Peach, Rainbow Sherbet, Strawberry Watermelon, and it's sugar-free with no artificial sweeteners. Get moving with superior hydration from Liquid I.V. Tear, pour, live more. Go to liquidiv.com and get 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at checkout. That's 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at liquidiv.com. Now it's time for our Sling Shot of the Night, brought to you by Sling TV, the most flexible live TV streaming service. Watch the NBA playoffs on ESPN with a Sling one, three, or seven-day pass starting at $4.99. Learn more at sling.com. You knew coming in the game six that it had to be a Wemby game, and he set the tone with two straight threes to start the game. He knew his shot was going, he's feeling good, the crowd getting to it. That had to be the Sling Shot of the Night. And then I also thought that was what was very important, and not quite a Sling Shot, but Sling Shotting, if you will, Carter Bryant just running into Shai and taking him out. That's intentional, guys. That's That's That's a a demand from up above. I'm not saying it's coming from It's coming That's coming from above, Carter Bryant. And Carter Bryant saying, "I'm a soldier, and I'll take him out." Got to respect it. But who going to take him out for OKC? That's the question I ask. Who going to take him out? Who going to takes Who going to take Victor Wembanyama? If they going to take Shai Gilgeous-Alexander out, you just going to watch? That's our Sling Shot of the Night, brought to you by Sling TV. Sling puts the consumers in control with their flexible subscription options. Want to watch one game or even a full series on ESPN? Grab a one, three, or seven-day pass starting at $4.99. If you want to watch as many games as possible, get a monthly subscription with their combo package. Either way, Sling lets you watch the playoffs your way with no long-term contracts. Learn more at sling.com. Want to thank you all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. We'll have a mailbag episode dropping tomorrow. Until next time, deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing going. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holtman. Video production and creative design by Curt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Shuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galle.
