What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show we must talk about the game. What? Hey. Let's get right into it. This episode of the Draymond Green Show is presented to you by Kayios. Stay tuned for the rest of the show where I'll tell you about their brand new ready to drink pre-workout beverage. We're definitely going to get into this NBA Finals series, particularly game four, but first we're going to start the show today with a rapid fire warm-up brought to you by Kayios and their original new creatine EAA booster drink. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. First up, we got to dive deeper into some of my takes on Inside the NBA. Uh, first starting with what was the dumber play? De'Aaron Fox laying the ball up or J.R. Smith against us in game one? And in my opinion, I still have to say it's J.R. because De'Aaron Fox's play um it's like a judgement play, you know, like it's like, "Ah, I can beat them. We're going to go up three. Uh, they'll they'll need a three in order to tie the game and go to overtime, so I guarantee us a uh at least a path to overtime." And OG Anunoby just made an incredible play. But you know it could also be And here's what I will say. I'm a big fan of De'Aaron Fox. De'Aaron Fox, I saw something in game three that I was a little alarmed by, but yeah, as you know certain results happen and you kind of just have to move on. In game three, they inbounded the basketball to Fox and he threw it faster than I would have liked to see to Stephon Castle. Stephon Castle goes to the free throw line, knocks two free throws down. They move on. Uh two to one headed into game four. But when I saw the fast pass, I was like, "Man, why he pass the ball so fast?" You think about the layup and the natural thing that's going to happen if he dribble out is he's going to get fouled. And I don't know if it was a matter of he just wasn't confident in taking the free throws at that time because when I watched that play during game three and he got off it so fast, and then to watch this play in game four and he go for the layup as opposed to dribbling it out. I was very shocked by that as everyone was very shocked by it, but I'm just trying to make sense of the play. And like I said, I still think the play with JR was crazier because how do you not know the score? Um it's a tied ballgame and you get an offensive rebound, literally can walk in for a layup and he took off. That one to me still has to be it. Um it has to be. Because also, we didn't go to overtime. De'Aaron Fox is he missed the shot and they still have to go down to score. They go down to score different, but they still had to make other plays. Whereas JR, y'all probably walk off with game one. This is also game four, so it's you know, you set the tone in the series. So, I still got to go with JR's play. But man, that was a a a complete lapse in judgment uh by De'Aaron Fox. Um like there's I I even I get the logic of like going up three, but you got to get that ball out of there. That's like a a play that, you know, you you definitely don't expect from a point guard. Like, you got to get that ball out of there. So, I'm shocked by it for sure, but I still would have to lean more to the J.R. Smith in game one dribbling the ball out and sending the game in overtime. Another take, everyone was talking about OKC having a dynasty then the Spurs come along this year and everybody like, "Yo, for the next 10 years now it's them." And I said that type of loss can derail what you're possibly going to become. And what I meant by that was the mindset of the Spurs. So, when you hear people talk about championship experience, you say like, "Yo, they got championship experience." Everybody always throw throw the term out. Most people don't know what the hell it means. So, let me tell you what it means. When you talk about championship experience, yes, obviously, you've won a championship. You have championship experience. But, what that term really means is in order to win a championship, you've gone through so much You've gone through so much that by the time you win a championship, you've probably seen just about all the scenarios you could possibly see. Ala, championship experience. And so, the reason I said this can possibly derail what you're going to become is because say they tie that game up 2-2 and ultimately move on to become champions. The experiences that you had now quantify for that young group as they have championship experience. And when you have championship experience, sometimes you can win series on that alone. Just because you simply know how to do it because you have championship experience and the other team you're playing against doesn't because they don't have championship experience. Well, with this loss, this is a big one because they lost a 29-point lead with a chance to tie the NBA Finals on the road after going down 0-2 at home. They have a chance to tie the series 2-2 on the road in Madison Square Garden up 29 points. And the reason I say it can derail what you were possibly going to become is because now just like the New York Knicks right now currently the New York Knicks right now currently feel like you're playing against us no lead is safe. Whether we're down 15 20 29 points your lead is not safe. It's all our championship experience. Well, vice versa the flip side you got the Spurs they're up 29 points and in their mind no lead is safe. And the team that they're playing against mine, well, I've seen y'all give up 29 before. So, you walk in the huddle like, "Hey man, seen them do this before. They'll give it back to you." And so now there's more things that you have to overcome. When people have that mindset about you, that's another thing that you have to overcome. It's like when somebody think you're soft, that's another thing that you have to overcome, how they're going to treat you. Well, with these Spurs now no matter what their lead is, somewhere in the back of their mind it'll always be man, are we safe? And that type of thing can happen to you. Another reason it can derail what they can become. Well, say you were about to win a championship if they were and now you don't. Once contract situations and all that start to come up, you have to start plucking pieces away to make it all work. New CBA, pluck pieces away. Well, guess what? What if you just happen to pluck the wrong piece. It can hinder your run. Could derail them for years to come before they become what they possibly can become. So, that's what I meant by that statement. Um I hope you all better understand that, but needless to say, that is a huge, huge, huge setback. And the setback is much larger than just being down 3-1 and now tied up 2-2. That setback can be viewed 10 years from now. This team could possibly have never This group could have possibly never won a championship, and you look back and like there it is, right there. Could derail them possibly for what's to come. Mike Brown did something great in the second half. He started playing Jose Alvarado next to Jalen Brunson, allowing him to be another ball handler. All of a sudden, Brunson isn't facing 94 ft of pressure. And you have to ask yourself the question, was Mike Brown right for benching Mikal Bridges? Obviously, they won, the answer is yes, but even if they lost, the answer is yes. Mikal Bridges was not playing well. Mikal Bridges also did not play well in game three. Mikal Bridges, I am a firm believer in in a series, you have to go with what's working. And if something isn't working, you have to be willing to go away from it. Mike Brown has that type of experience because he's championship experience. Sometimes, you just have to go away from it. And it's no disrespect or insult to Mikal Bridges. It's just not always your series or always your night. Mikal Bridges helped them in a dramatic way when won games one and two. And I always say swing players. Mikal Bridges, whether he does not play another second in this series, he did his job when he had to in swinging the series. But when you're a role player, it won't always be your time. Sometimes that's from series to series, sometimes that's from game to game. And last night wasn't his game. They needed another ball handler next to Jalen Brunson bad because Jalen's trying to bring the ball up against 94 feet of pressure and there was no one else that can really handle the ball and get them into something. Cat was out, who's going to handle it? And so in turn it just turns into the ISO ball with Jalen Brunson in top because he's trying to break guy down then he got to go. I uh Jose Alvarado comes in the game. Number one, he brings physicality, he brings a certain mindset, he suplex Wimby. I saw it, Jose. Maybe nobody else saw it. I saw it. I know what you were saying. I know exactly what you were saying when you did that. So, he comes in, all of a sudden Jalen Brunson getting off. Not on the ball the whole time, someone else can make a play, Jose making plays, and it just works. I thought that was that was the adjustment that changed the game and it had to be. Because just having Jalen with the ball the whole time with Mitchell Robinson's out there and Kat's out with foul trouble, it's not a recipe for success. He needed to get off the ball so that once he got it back dominoes are moving and he's gone. And it was beautiful. So, shout out to Mike Brown, that was a beautiful adjustment. I apologize to Jalen Brunson. The reason I apologize to Jalen Brunson is because I think he's about to go on to win the NBA finals and I don't know that I'm going to have the opportunity to see him face-to-face. And I wanted to say it to his face. And the reason I said that is because I've been very critical of Jalen Brunson. Just not thinking that, "Hey man, he's this one A guy that" And here's the thing which y'all have to understand about me. When I say one A, when I say one A, what I'm saying is no matter what team you go to, you're the guy. Al Horford Steph Curry. Al Horford James, Al Horford Doncic Kawhi, like there's only really five to seven 1A's in all of the NBA. And so it's it's never like a shot like y'all try to make it at Jalen Brunson. I just think there's only like five of those guys that no matter what team you put them on they're the best. That's 1A to me. That's 1A. Needless to say, I've been very critical and I think he last night take a 3-1 lead. I think they're on their way to a championship. And I am not somebody who can't say they're wrong. One thing I hate is people make these predictions, people make these statements and then once they're wrong, they just lollygag on, dillydally off to the next thing. I don't respect that. I'd much rather somebody say, "Yo, I said X and this is why I said it. I was wrong, I was right, fuck." And so I apologize to his face. Number two, because I respect champions. And I've been respecting Jalen Brunson, by the way. There's no lack of respect by any means necessary. But I respect champions and who am I to criticize you if you're a champion? And again, I don't think I'll get the opportunity to see him face-to-face within the time of him becoming a champion or not and I wanted to say that face-to-face. And I wanted to say it in front of the world because I've I've given my critiques in front of the world. So I can tell you to your face in front of the world that I was wrong. Have no problem with doing that. Hope he heard me. It's irrelevant, but I wanted to do that for myself and more importantly my respect for him. Lastly, I tried Chuck's famous street meat with the white sauce and I must tell you that was garbage. I I when they showed the video of what he be talking about, the food looked awful. I'm like, I got to try this meat. It was pathetic. I mean, pathetic. It was awful. I Like I can't believe Charles Barkley, who's been rich now Charles Barkley has been rich for a whopping like 40 years, and he's eating dog food. I I still couldn't believe it. I took a bite and I'm like, "Oh man, like first bite wasn't good. I'm going to take another bite and it'll get better." As you go, I took another bite like, "Yo, this is dog shit." It's not good. I can't believe that's what he's running around the streets. There are so many great restaurants in New York City, and Chuck, you are out there eating that street meat with the white sauce. I'm just here to tell y'all that is garbage. Thanks to our friends at Kayak's for sponsoring the rapid fire warm-up. I'm feeling ready to go, and you'll feel ready for your workouts with their brand new creatine EAA booster drink. The Swiss engineer ready-to-drink pre-workout beverage has a dual chamber cap from V-Cap that keeps the creatine, caffeine, and other ingredients separate until you open it. Just push the cap, and it mixes right in. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. You guys know how much I value my routine, but honestly, maintaining that peaceful daily ritual gets a lot harder when you're on the go. That's why I'm so relieved by how easy it is to travel with the all-in-one nutrition shake, thanks to Kachava's new travel packs. You can just throw a pack or two in your bag as you're heading out the door, and you know you're supporting your wellness even when your normal routine changes. Kachava helps support all-day energy, keeps digestion regular, and fuels muscles with plant-based protein that actually tastes delicious. It's all the nutrition your body craves, packed to go with greens, probiotics, omegas, electrolytes, and more. Available in six fan-favorite flavors like chocolate and matcha. There are no artificial colors or sweeteners, no fillers, and it's completely non-GMO and gluten-free. You can even try Kachava risk-free with their love-it guarantee. Take your daily ritual with you. Go to kachava.com and use code Draymond for 15% off your first order. That's Kachava, k a c h a v a dot com, code Draymond. I'm always looking for anything that actually helps with performance and recovery without turning into a complicated routine of powders and supplements. That's why Kayex caught my attention. This is a ready-to-drink creatine booster that's engineered to work the way creatine is supposed to. It's Swiss engineered, sugar-free, and it even won a global innovation award this year. The reason it's different is because most creatine drinks lose its effectiveness sitting on shelves. Kayex solved that with this really smart V-cap design. The creatine stays sealed separately inside the cap until you open the bottle. So, when you press it in and drink it, you're getting a full fresh clinical dose right then and there. And it goes beyond just creatine. You've got essential amino acids for muscle support, citrulline for endurance and blood flow, caffeine for focus, plus betaine, electrolytes, and plant extracts to help with hydration and recovery, too. It's one of the few performance products I've heard about lately that genuinely feels innovative. Kayex creatine EAA booster, visit k-ex.com to discover more. That's k-ex.com. Now, we must get into the NBA Finals, and like I said, in particular, game four. Largest comeback in in NBA Finals history. The Knicks were down 29 points. And when I tell you in that arena, you know, in the second quarter, I'm sitting back with Chuck, Shaq, and these guys keep hoisting threes. And Shaq goes, "They better not shoot another three." And I'm sitting there like, "Yeah?" They definitely got three happy. Cuz the first quarter they were rolling, they were hitting every three. Beginning of the second, rolling, hitting every three. But then you could start seeing like they just start going for the three. And and both of them was like, yo, they better not shoot another three. And Chuck's like, if I'm Ms. Johnson, I'm I'm calling timeout right now and I'm telling these dumb MFers, if they shoot another three, I'm subbing their ass out the game. And they start and I'm just sitting there watching I'm like, the threes are out of control. And then before you know it, they had taken eight threes in a row. On one possession, Wemby shot two off-balance threes and it was just like, yo, this is like going all the way back to think that even in watching that, you what you thought would happen in watching that is like, yeah, the league going to go from 29 maybe 12 and then they'll go on a little run and settle things down. It never happened. It never happened. By far, craziest playoff game I've ever seen. I've been a a part of some incredible playoff games myself. That had to be the greatest playoff game I've ever seen. To come back from because the Spurs were dominating, they were rolling, they were doing everything right. Everything had to and and and the Knicks were playing pathetic. And be- and and and and it just started to slip, slowly but surely. And they kept going, kept going, kept going. When I tell you it got to the point to where when it was in single digits, the building was like like it was like a an earthquake. Like they'd score and the building was shaking. I'm talking about like literally shaking. Like the you feel the building shaking. I thought I was back in California. I had to check the I had to check the location on my phone and realized, damn, I'm still in New York City. I thought I was in California for certain. The building was shaking. That was the intensity in that place. It was absolutely insane to watch. After the game, when I tell you there was zero crowd control, everybody was on the court. No one was stopping them. By the way, if the security tried to stop them, it would have been a riot. They just let them go. AND THEN THEY JUST STAYED on the court for like an hour. They just let them go. And then it naturally started to die down. It was so the right thing to do by security because if they tried to get all those people off the court, it would have been a disaster. When I tell you no one, not only was the court, but if you looked around the arena, 35, 40 minutes after the game, no one had left their seat. They were still in the stands celebrating. It was one of the craziest atmospheres I've ever been a part of. It was absolutely amazing to see. And then leaving the arena, trying to get back to the hotel, 10 minutes away took 48 minutes to get back. People on this street, you turn on this street, like, "Oh man, get away." 10,000 people on that street, like, "Oh man, get away." 100,000. That was insane. What an experience. People climbing, I mean, scaling the side of buildings. It was insanity. Hate to see New York City when they win a championship this championship. Wow. Nuts. Now, let's dish out a little blame for the Spurs collapse. Start with De'Aaron Fox. 6 for 16 from the field, not that important. Mindless turnovers in the clutch, definitely got to be better there. The decision to shoot the layup, that's a bang-bang decision. Not a smart play, very bang-bang. If he makes the layup, no one's complaining. Results-driven. If he misses the layup like he did, everyone's like, "Yo, he cost them the season." I more so think the turnovers were worse than the the the attempted layup. Yes, it was bad. Not saying it wasn't. But that wasn't what cost them the game. There were so many things down the stretch, and I would have liked to see De'Aaron Fox, he's the leader, you know, or he's the veteran. You know, he's the one that's been in playoff series prior a couple. Um he's the one that's supposed to settle things down, and a couple of those passes were just bad and uncharacteristic uncharacteristic of him. I'll blame those turnovers more than I'll blame the layup. Yes, the layup was inopportuned time, didn't work out, got the shot blocked, ignited a break. Yes. But the turnovers, I would say, were much worse. Wemby, from the moment Wemby start telling um Mitchell Robinson, "I'm in your head." The Knicks outscored the Spurs for 87 to 69. Wemby scored 14 more points and was four for 17 from the field. Two big missed free throws towards the end of the game from a great free throw shooter. Listen, I love somebody who talk that and back it up. And Wemby been talking the talk, and he's been walking the walk for the most part. He fell last night. 29-point lead, say you're the face, say you're great, all those things, 29-point lead, you got to be able to stop the bleeding. You say you're the face, and you're the great. Got to be able to stop the bleeding. And he did not do that. He took three after three bad three, wasn't rolling to the rim anymore. Like it looked like he got on his heels. So, I think Wemby uh deserves a lot of blame. Not complete blame, but again, you're up 29 points, you're that great, you got to be able to stop the bleeding at some point, and he did not. Miss Johnson, 20 to 4 run before you take a timeout with a young team like that, I can't agree with. Uh never adjusted in the second half. Um rotations were not great. There were times where they had a big enough lead to get Wemby a rest, and he didn't. He left Wemby in. And if you grab him a rest in some of those spots where you could have, maybe down the stretch he could do some of the things that I was just talking about. But he played and he played and he I as a guy who hasn't played a ton of minutes, the most minutes he's ever played has been coming in these playoffs, I think you could have pulled him some rest and he could have been fresher down the stretch. He had nothing in the tank. Even on that last rebound, you want him to come flying back in and at least attempt to get that rebound. He didn't. He stopped and was looking, you know, and so um Miss Johnson does have to be better. I think there's been some times in this series where he could be a lot better with his subs, with his timeouts, when he take the timeout, getting great shots out of timeouts. Um I think he could have been a lot better. It's his first NBA finals, you know, uh everybody go through their growing pains. Mike Brown has been through this before, you know, these are growing pains and it comes with the territory. I would also like to point out that when Wemby was telling um Mitchell Robinson I'm in your head after Mitchell Robinson went through him, I don't think that was a matter of him being in his head. I think that was a matter of we ain't get you last game when you got Jaylen, so I'm going to get you right now. When Jose got him, I'm going to get you right now. I definitely think they were responding to that. They 1,000% as they should have been. But I don't think that was a matter like, "Oh man, he's frustrated." I think that was a matter like, "I'm going to get you, sucker." That's what I think that was a matter of. Lastly, I see a lot of people saying OG Anunoby is the current favorite for the Finals MVP, and I must say I agree. I think he's been the most consistent. I think, you know, he's made pivotal plays. He had the block and the bucket to to close out the game in game four. Jalen Brunson was incredible last game, but I think the first three games he he wasn't great. Uh shooting a lot of shots at a low percentage. Um and OG has just been constant. And it hasn't been like averaging 14 points, 16 points. He's averaging 24 points on the series. 65% from the field, 55 from three. Playing the defense he's playing, with guarding Wemby at times in the series, I think OG Anunoby have a decent game five and they win game five, I think OG Anunoby is the Finals MVP. In game five, here's what I think. I think the Spurs is a proud organization. I think they're going to come out and fight. I think they're going to come out and punch. When you just lost a 29-point game, though, I don't know how you get yourself up off the canvas. And I have a hard time believing they're going to be able to win game five cuz I just don't know how you get yourself off the canvas after that one. If anybody can, that's the organization that can, but I don't know how I can foresee that happen. It's going to be tough to get off the canvas when you gave up 29 point lead. It's going to be tough. If you're a dad like me, or if you're single, or if you're at any stage or age in your life, you've probably been worried about health care. Figuring out insurance, finding the right doctors, making appointments, it can make you feel stuck. When I learned about Solace, it felt like the resource I wish I'd had from the start. Solace matches you with a dedicated health care advocate who steps into the mess with you. A Solace advocate can find the right doctors and schedule appointments, fight denied insurance claims to get care approved, and make sure all your doctors are actually communicating with each other. They can even join your appointments remotely, help translate complex medical language into plain English, and break down test results and treatment plans so you know exactly what's going on. You connect with your advocate by phone, text, email, or video call them through the platform. These are experienced healthcare professionals include nurses with years in the field, and they've already helped tens of thousands of people get better care. Go to solacehealth.com to see if you qualify. It takes about 2 minutes and it's covered by insurance. That's solacehealth.com. Must be 18 or older. Advocates do not provide medical or legal advice. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89% and developer called Intersection Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion. It's bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a Reg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. Dads are superheroes and while we celebrate them, let's also remind them to check in with themselves. A lot of men grew up without examples of openly talking about emotional well-being, instead learning to just push through. Carrying everything quietly takes a massive toll and dads deserve real support. I know firsthand how intense the pressure to always hold it all together can be, especially during demanding seasons. But opening up is what actually keeps you grounded. Therapy helps you process that stress and communicate more openly. Better help makes finding that support simple by doing the initial matching work for you based on a short questionnaire. With over 20 years of experience, they typically get it right the first time, but you can switch therapists at any time. They are the world's largest online therapy platform having served over 6 million people globally with fully licensed therapists. Fatherhood comes with a lot of pressure, and men's mental health month is a reminder that you don't have to carry it all alone. Find support in therapy. Sign up and get 10% off at betterhelp.com/draymond. That's betterhelp.com/draymond. I want to thank y'all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. I'll be back with a mailbag episode tomorrow. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schaff, Eric Donnely, Kate Rolls, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galli.
