What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, I'll unfortunately discuss Moses Moody's tragic injury, Darius Acuff's historic shoe deal, uh KG made a big statement about the game and where it currently stands, and much, much more. Let's get right into it. The Draymond Green Show is proudly presented by Groom's. Groom's proves that you can do the least and still feel the most, thanks to a delicious daily habit that does the heavy lifting. Save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grooms.co. That's code Draymond at gruns.co. Man, um you know, it was a good win last night for us in Dallas. Obviously, we struggled a bit this year, but really as of late, uh due to all the injuries and, you know, we finally get Moses Moody back after a 10-game absence. Uh he immediately raises the level of play of the team. Uh we're kind of struggling again last night, and he just ratchets it up, ratchets it up on the defensive end, ratchets it up on the offensive end, uh brings a sign of life to a group that's been struggling bad, and he's playing incredible basketball. Um you know, really changed the game with his ball pressure on the defensive end, and to put a cherry on top, uh takes the ball away from Cooper Flag, uh to walk in for a dunk, and we walk off with a win. And um obviously, he walks in for the dunk, and the unthinkable happens. And that just sucks, man. You know, Moses being a young guy who, you know, I've tried to take under my wing, uh his, you know, his time in the league. Um you know, I always compare him to Kevon Looney. Uh just one of those guys that you know, you talk about the the the consummate pro, you know, the ultimate pro. Um Moses does everything right as a professional. Puts in all the work. Doesn't complain about anything. Is never late. Um never an issue. He's a coach's dream. He's a teammate's dream. He's an organization's dream. And uh to see him get hurt, you know, after coming back from a 10-game absence, um it's just unfortunate. You know, you hate to see anyone get hurt. But you hate even more to see all the guys that does everything right. And uh that's who Moses is. You know, a guy who does all the right things. And you know, seeing him at the after the game last night, like still the same demeanor, calm, cool, and collected. Uh you know, a lot of times a lot of times when you see these things, guys be delirious um after. And I think he was a little delirious. Um but he just chilling. Same demeanor as always. And it's an unfortunate situation. You go look at the play, um myself, Naz Reid, Marshall, PJ Washington. If you look after the play, a lot of guys are standing there talking. Uh what guys are saying is like, man, we kept telling him the floor is wet. We kept telling him the floor is wet because we all thought he slipped. Like you see him going full speed, you see him take off, we thought he slipped. When you obviously go back and look at the replay, didn't slip. So we're all just standing there like, man, like oh, it's one thing to see a guy get hurt, but it's a different thing when you see a guy get hurt caused by a wet a wet spot on the floor. And so we all thought he slipped. Um you go back and watch the replay, like I said, he didn't slip. Uh he went to go up, and it just gave out. Um but that's what the dialogue was about. Like, man, we kept telling him this floor is wet. Floor is wet. W- because we thought he slipped, I actually thought he like maybe popped an ACL or something. And from everything that I've ever heard about an ACL, you hear people say like that initial s- brutal, but then they feel like they could just get up and walk. And I know the type of person Moses is. Um so I'm standing there after a while, and I'm just sitting standing there looking at Moses, and they won't let him get up. And in the first initially, he asked to get up. And they're about to put him on a stretcher, and I look at him, and I said, "Mo, I don't like you leaving on a stretcher." And he was like, "I know, bro, me either. Like, they can let me walk. I'm good. I can walk. Like" And the guy goes, "No, he can't walk." And Moses I'm like, "All right, Mo, like" he like, "No, I bro, I can walk. Like I'm good. I can walk." Because I could just see on his face um him sitting there was like you know, like to to me, what the look on his face was like, I'm not getting on that. And when I say that, I mean the stretcher. Like and so we had a dialogue, and the and the doctor goes, "No, man, he he can't. It's his patellar tendon." I was like, "Whoa." Cuz I didn't see his knee. By the time I got down there to look at his knee, they had already put the the orange um stabilizer um where they blow the air and kind of keep it in the place. So I didn't see the picture that I ultimately saw, which everyone I'm sure saw online. And um so I just thought I didn't think it was patellar tendon. And the doctor goes, "No, man, it's patellar tendon. He can't He can't walk." And I was like, "Whoa." And uh after that, that's when I hugged him, you know. Um but man, uh for those that don't know a patellar tendon injury, uh you know, excuse me to the to the Instagram and online doctors out there. But essentially, what your patellar tendon is, your patellar tendon, if you know what the Achilles tendon is, it's essentially the Achilles tendon in your knee. Um and so it takes a long It could be a long time of recovery. Uh some people will say it's an even tougher injury than an ACL injury. Um you have ligaments, you have tendons. Uh tendons, they're they're They can be tough. Uh so you know, I wouldn't be surprised if Moses uh sat all year next year. Um obviously, don't we don't wish that, and I don't have any more information than y'all have. Uh but just with the significance of the injury, uh most people say it takes 9 to 12 months, some people say 12 to 15 months. But if you do that timeline, and he has not had surgery, you do that math, that takes us right back to this time next year. Uh we just saw Jason Tatum come back from an Achilles injury. You know, so you know, I guess that um I guess that you know, provides hope for everyone. But uh I just feel for Moses. Uh wishing Moses the best. Speedy recovery to Moses. Uh you know, wishing the Moody family the best, incredible family. Um You know, this is the unfortunate part of the game we play, uh the business that we're in. You go out there every time you step on that court, you risk your health. And um you hate to see guys go down like this. So be rooting for Moses, man. Um this one hurts. This one hurts me a lot. Uh so close. I text Moses uh earlier today. I was like, "Mo, you know, you need anything, let me know. Need to talk, I'll kick it with you, play some chess." He's like, "No, I'm good, bro. I'm going to just chill at the house." He's like, "But I will play some chess." And I didn't get the chance to make it over there. He said, "But I'm going to let you know now, you ain't going to be like Klay. When Klay got hurt, you ain't just going to come be be me like that." And for those of you don't know, when I after Klay tore his ACL, I went over to his house, we played dominoes, took his money. It was a good time. Uh but Moses, I just started playing chess a year ago. I started playing Moses a year ago. When I started playing, he would just destroy me. And I was like, "Yo, I need to I need to go play some more people on my level um in order to get my game right, and then I'll come back." And so started beating up on De'Anthony Melton really fast, who had also been playing for a while, but I started beating up on Melton. And then this year, I came back to Moses like, "All right, I think I'm better. I got I you know, I got better. I'm ready." And I beat Moses. I beat him once, and then he locked in on me. I haven't beat him again, but it's some chess coming in in the near future with me and Mo money. Uh but shout out to my guy, man. I'm I'm really uh crushed by this one. I'm rooting for him. Uh these things are never ideal. Uh so hope this not my last time ever taking the floor with Moses. Uh you just never know how this business works. Uh closer to the end than I am the beginning. Uh but looking forward to having him back out on the court, man. Um in due time. You know, a lot of people say this season is cursed, you know, and do I feel like it's cursed? And honestly, no. Um hey, some beautiful things have happened this season. Gui Santos uh makes life-changing money, you know, uh guys earned themselves spots. You know, beautiful things have happened. Uh so I don't like to call a season cursed. It's unfortunate. You know, we passed some injuries. Uh and it's unfortunate. Uh but I won't call it cursed. I don't play those types of games. Uh but it sucked. Um cursed, I can't really get off into that. After the break, we have another edition of the tournament check-in. Before I go around the association, hit on some interesting things that have caught my attention. We'll be right back after this. Okay, before we get to more NBA, it's time for the tournament check-in. First, we got to get into some predictions. Now the Sweet 16 is set. It's some interesting games. Y'all know my Spartans had We we we in the Sweet 16 again. Tom Izzo tied Dean Smith for the fourth-most all-time Sweet 16 appearances. Uh with 17. That's a shout-out to to my boy coach Izzo, getting it done per usual. Uh old saying, you give me the first game of the weekend, I'm going to get you the second one. So I say to my young Spartan dogs, go get this Sweet 16 game. Cuz Tommy Izzo will get you the Elite Eight game, and we'll be on our way to a Final Four. But uh kicking it off, um let's just start with the Spartans. My Spartans uh tough match-up. Uh we take on Yukon. Yukon's been great, winning two of the last three championships. Um you know, and now, you know, we we face them in the Sweet 16. It'll be a tough out. Uh Dan Hurley's a great coach going up against a great coach Tom Izzo. Uh it'll be a battle. Uh you're talking two guys that get the best out of their players, uh that make guys better than them. But ultimately, I think y'all know who I'm rolling with. I beat Yukon in my tournament days. I'm just saying, I'm going to throw that out there. Beat them in the Final Four to go to a national championship. I see history repeating itself and my Spartans getting it done. Next up, we got a great match-up. Uh Arizona versus Arkansas. Now this match-up, I think it's a lot brewing underneath the surface of this match-up. Um I am a big Braden Burries fan. I went to watch Braden Burries play uh in in a state game last year versus Notre Dame Prep, uh which featured Tyrese Stokes. Um which also featured young Nimari Burnett Jr. And it was an incredible game, and I was with with with my guy Travis Walton. And I asked Travis, I said, "Travis, you mean to tell I think at the time Braden Burries was like 10th or 11th ranked player in the country. I said, "Travis, you mean to tell me if this is the 10th or 11th best kid, like these kids got to be crazy. Cuz there's no way you could just make me believe this kid is the 10th or 11th best. Like he got to be higher than that." And then you see this class, and you're like, "Oh, it made a bit of sense." Uh needless to say, I still don't think Braden's 10 or 11. I think he's higher still, but my point is, this will be an interesting match-up now. I'm mentioning Braden Burries because Braden is a point guard. However, he does not play point guard for Arizona. Started handle ball handled the ball more as the season went on, but the ball is dominated by Jaden Bradley. And Jaden Bradley's had a great year, uh great career. Unfortunately, I don't think he can do anything with Darius Acuff. I don't think he stands a chance Darius Acuff. And I've spoke to y'all about how much I think elite guard play matters in the NCAA tournament. Well, this is a match-up of the Big 12 Player of the Year versus the SEC Player of the Year. And quite honestly, a future top-five pick Darius Acuff, uh who we'll speak more about later in the show. But I as much as I love this Arizona team, I'm having a hard time going against Darius Acuff, cuz I think he going to I think he going to get the best of Jaden Bradley. And if he get the best of Jaden Bradley, guard play controls the NCAA tournament. So, I can see an upset brewing here. Uh 1-4 upset, Acuff carrying Arkansas to the Elite Eight. I can see that brewing. Uh don't be surprised if that happens. That's what I think's going to happen. I think Acuff's going to take them out. And in my bracket, I'll be honest, in my bracket, I got Arizona winning this game. But I think Acuff's get gets the upset, especially with the way he's been playing. Watch out for that one. Middle of America, Nebraska versus Iowa. Um Ne- Ne- Iowa's still Midwest. I think Nebraska's still Midwest as well. But, you know, you got the the Cornhuskers state. You know, Iowa. Um our head trainer's from Iowa. He actually grew up on a farm. Like that's what they do. They they they grow corn out there. This is a rivalry of corn. No, but in all seriousness, um you know, these two schools are rivals. And I think this will be a great game. Uh Hoiberg bringing Nebraska further than they've ever come. Uh Iowa, and Ben Stirts getting it done, uh pulling off the big big-time upset, knock- knocking off number one Florida. I think they're going to ride that momentum in. Unfortunately, I think uh this is a Big Ten showdown. I think Nebraska's just the better team. And I can see Nebraska taking this game. However, you talk guard play, Ben Stirts. Not a surprise that they beat Florida. You know why? Because I told y'all last week, I just didn't think Florida guard play has lived up to what it's supposed to be. And Ben Stirts goes and get it done. And they handled Flo- Florida pretty handily. You know, so I found that one interesting. Uh I think ultimately Nebraska wins this, but Ben Stirts will make it interesting. You got Texas and Purdue. Uh Texas is rolling after coming out of the First Four in Dayton. Uh they they win the weekend, headed to the Sweet 16. Uh coach Shaka Smart has those guys playing well. Unfortunately, I do not see them beating uh Purdue. Purdue's a well-oiled machine. They got great point guard play. They got great big man play. This ain't coach Painter's first rodeo. Not coach Miller's first rodeo either. But nonetheless, uh I got Purdue in this one. You got Houston versus the Fighting Illini. And this is a game where it's a great defense versus a great offense. They say defense wins championships. So that would say Houston's going to win this game. Unfortunately, Illinois has great guard play. Now, they have some inexperienced guard play, but they have great guard play. Houston has experience. They've been here last couple years, haven't been able to quite get over the hump. But they've been here. And I think this this is two styles clashing against each other. Houston will be overly physical. Now you the Illini are in the Big Ten, so I can't imagine they're just a soft team. But Houston will be overly physical. They will try to bully them. Fortunately, Houston's offense isn't great, and that's where I think it gives Illinois the chance because Illinois's offense is beautiful. And I don't know if Houston will be able to score enough points. In saying that, I'm having a hard time going against coach Sampson and Houston. They've been there the last few years. I'm going to take Houston in this match-up. We got St. John's and the Duke Blue Devils. I told y'all I worried about Duke when losing their head guard. I still worry about that. St. John's defense is incredible. They speed you up. They cause turnovers. I love Duke. Cam Boozer's hell of a player. Cayden Boozer has stepped up. Big big big fan of Jeremy Evans, as I told y'all. He's going to get some GMs fired. Not because he's going to be a bust, because they're going to pass up on that kid thinking they more than know more than what they know. And I think he's just a pure baller. In saying that, I think this is prime set-up for an upset. Uh St. John's defense, and you're missing your head lead guard. I'm going to take St. John's in the upset on this one. Next up, we got Tennessee versus Iowa State. Iowa State is missing their lead guard as well. They played great. Uh they looked very good against Kentucky. Now I haven't been a big fan of Kentucky all year. So take that with a grain of salt. You're talking about an overpriced trash roster. That's what Kentucky was all year. I haven't been too fond of them, so I don't want to put too much into that game. Uh needless to say, Iowa State versus Tennessee, I think Tennessee's playing good basketball, but I don't know that they could beat Iowa State. Uh I'm going to roll with Iowa State on this one. And last and definitely least, uh is Alabama versus scum. Uh I think, you know, Alabama's playing great basketball. Alabama does have great guard play. Uh LeBaron Feline, uh who's been dishing out assists. Think he's got 21 assists through the first two games of the NCAA tournament. Um you know, he's playing great basketball. Alabama's playing well. Uh obviously, I think this is where the loss of Aden um Holloway really shows up. Uh when you start to get up against the better teams. And so, unfortunately, I don't have Alabama getting past the scum bombs uh from the school up the street from Michigan State. Those are my predictions for the Sweet 16 game. We spoke about Darius Acuff earlier. Uh Darius Acuff signed uh signature shoe deal with Reebok, becoming the first NCAA men's athlete uh to receive a signature shoe while still in college. Now granted, by the time the signature shoe is done, he'll be in the NBA. But shout-out to young Acuff, man. I see AI stamping him. Uh you know, for him to be in that Reebok uh family with AI, with Shaq, uh with Authentic Brands Group. I think this is a great setup for the beginning of his adult life, for the beginning of him making money at this level. Uh and I think Reebok got a great one. Uh I think, you know, he you can kind of build him in that AI mode, you know, he got the swag to him. And so, I love this, man. I'm happy for Darius Acuff. Uh I think he's a star. I think he is going to be one of the premier guys, if not the premier guys in this premier guy in this NBA draft when it's all said and done. Y'all know how big I am on Caleb Wilson, but uh Darius Acuff is special, man. Uh so, shout out to him uh on the on on this deal. Like I said, I think this deal really sets Acuff up for success as he start to build his brand, build his career out. So, uh job well done. And keep going, man. Uh it's been beautiful to watch, very fun to watch the growth of Darius Acuff over the last couple years. A lot A lot of people has been talking about who's Darius Acuff's player comp. And I've seen Stephon Marbury. Uh the reality is, I think, you know, he's a mix of players. Uh but more importantly, what I think he got in his game is the makeup of Rashad Phillips. Uh for your for those of y'all that don't know, Rashad Phillips is a guard who played at the University of Detroit and was bought a bucket. Was undersized uh when when when mid-major players weren't valued at all. Um he trained Darius Acuff growing up, and it shows in his game. Cuz Rashad Phillips is one of the best dudes to handle a ball. Uh put the ball, score that basketball. Rashad Phillips one of the best. And so, in all of these player comps and, you know, who Acuff is going to be. Yes, I think he's, you know, has some Stephon Marbury Marbury in him. Yes, he got the swagger and demeanor that AI possessed. All those things. But the swagger and demeanor that he really has is Rashad Phillips. So, it's beautiful to watch, man. Uh heard Rashad Phillips talking about this kid since he was 11 years old. And to see it all coming to fruition, it's great thing. So, uh shout out to Acuff, man. Uh you know, the family's on Darius Acuff putting in the work. University of North Carolina job is open, and there are a lot of big names being thrown around. Um I've seen Brad Stevens. I've seen Billy Donovan. Quite honestly, I don't think either one of those guys are going back to college. So, we can cross those names off. Um I've seen Dusty Maye pop up. I don't think Dusty Maye is leaving the University of Michigan. I seen Tommy Lloyd pop up at Arizona. Uh I seen Todd Golden pop up uh from Florida. I don't think those coaches are leaving their schools to go to North Carolina. And so, I think North Carolina is going to have an interesting choice to make. Uh you can you can look at some other names like T.J. Otzelberger from Iowa State. Uh Nate Oats from Alabama. Grant McCasland from Texas Tech. Like you can look at some of Danny Hurley from UConn. I don't think Danny Hurley's leaving UConn to go to North Carolina. But like you can look at some of those names. And the problem with some of those names, obviously not Danny Hurley, he's in a different tier. Todd Golden just won a championship. I think people will support him. But this is the NIL era. And how do you get a name that your your biggest donors would be willing to support? I think it's interesting in this era. And so, I think North Carolina is at a crossroad. When you look at some of these big names, if you can pull in some of these big one of these big names, yes, that helps with your NIL. But if you don't, I don't think the Grants. I love Nate Oats. Um absolutely love Nate Oats. I don't think those guys pulls in the NIL that you're necessarily going to need to pull in for Carolina. So, in turn, I think you're going to end up having to turn back to a Tar Heel. People that your program will rally around, that former players will rally around, that boosters will rally around in order to get North Carolina back to prominence of where you're accustomed North Carolina being. And one name that pops out to me that can a recruit the state of North Carolina. Cuz I know North Carolina doesn't get a get a a huge reputation with being a hotbed for talent, but let me tell you, the state of North Carolina is a hotbed for talent. So, you also need someone that can recruit the state of North Carolina. Uh recruit the South in general. Uh that can spearhead and bring together your former players to to kind of create that brand, create that bridge between the former players and the current current players. I don't think that really exists at North Carolina right now. And so, in saying that, who's someone that is a Tar Heel that can bring all of the guys together that I know all of the Tar Heel guys respect. And the name that jumps off the page at me is Jerry Stackhouse. In the day and age of NIL where your boosters will rally around one of their own, one that they believe in, Stackhouse has the demeanor for this. He's a guy that will be respected. He's a guy native of North Carolina that can come back and recruit the state. If you can just recruit the state of North Carolina, you're in business. Obviously, North Carolina can recruit outside of North Carolina. But if they can just recruit the state successfully, you can get back to being somewhat of Carolina of what we've known, of what we've grown to know. You know, and so, I think this is interesting. I think Stackhouse should definitely be in the running for this job. It'll be interesting to see if they give him an give Stackhouse an interview because, you know, they may be a little afraid like, "Oh, man, we just had a player. We just had an African-American." All those things. Everybody aren't the same. Such that it didn't work out for Hubert Davis. But I think Carolina, if they want to get back to prominence, uh one name that they're going to have to take a look at in order to get their NIL right, to get their path headed back to where where accustomed North Carolina being, is none other than the great Jerry Stackhouse whose jersey hanging in those rafters. Um who had a great career at North Carolina, who I know all of North Carolina guys will respect and rally around. There's a graphic out says best active NBA player from each round of 16 team. Duke, Jason Tatum. Luka Garza from Iowa. None for the University of Nebraska. Stephon Castle for UConn. Quentin Grimes from University of Houston. Quentin Grimes for University of Houston. Lauri Markkanen, Arizona. Uh Julian Champagnie uh for Saint John's. You got Kevin Durant, UT. Franz Wagner, the Skunmbombs. Jaren Jackson Jr., Michigan State. Tyrese Haliburton, Iowa State. Brandin Podziemski Illinois. Uh one thing I can assure y'all, is Brandin Podziemski does not claim Illinois. Tobias Harris, Tennessee. Zach Edey, Purdue. Brandon Miller, Alabama. Bobby Portis, Arkansas. Um I I'll be honest with y'all. I don't know why this ended up on my rundown, except I think um our producers are trying to throw in my face that I'm not the best active player from Michigan State. But I'm not better than Jaren. I'm I'm I'm a little older in my career. Now, you know, you want to talk resumes, we could do that. But uh Jaren's way better than me at this point in my career. So, yeah. Uh you guys, Mark and Grant. I get what you guys are doing here. It's okay. Shout out to my guy, Trip. There's no slander here. There's no coming between the Michigan State Spartan dog brotherhood. It ain't happening. Trip is the best right now. That's how we rolling. That's our Spartan dogs. I'll be honest. Healthy habits have never been more important. So, this year, I actually found a routine that's much easier to stick to. Grüns. Feels like doing the least, works like doing the most. A simple, delicious daily habit that makes a real difference without overhauling my life. If you haven't heard me talk about Grüns before, they're a convenient formula packed into a daily snack pack of gummies. I love that it's not just a multivitamin, a greens gummy, or a prebiotic. It's all of those things and more at a fraction of the price. And the best part? They taste amazing. So, it feels like a treat every day. Each pack is vegan, nut-free, gluten-free, dairy-free, and free from artificial colors and flavors. With 20-plus vitamins and minerals, 60 ingredients, including nutrient-dense and whole food ingredients, and 6 g of prebiotic fiber, that's more than 2 cups of broccoli. Grüns makes healthy easy. Bonus, it's HSA/FSA eligible, so you can even use your health care funds to cover it. Kick your new year off right and save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grüns.com. That's code Draymond at g r u n s.com. When it comes to money, you probably want fewer confusion options, better habits, and a clearer way to see growth. That's exactly why Tellus exists. Tellus actually started as a leading property management app helping owners and managers collect rent, communicate with tenants, and stay organized. But now, Tellus goes further, helping people who want their money to grow. Tellus offers a high-yield savings wallet powered by real estate. Inside the app, there's a digital wallet designed to help your money go to work for you in a way that's simple, clear, and built for everyday use. You can move funds in and out easily, track your daily growth, and access your money wherever you need it. With no processing fees and no locked-up funds. There are no fees to open or use Tellus. You can even earn better rates by engaging in positive financial behaviors like learning through Tellus daily trivia, or setting goals for yourself. Learn more at tellusapp.com, or search Tellus t e l l u s in the Apple App Store or Android Store. Tellus earn more daily. Tellus is not a bank. Tellus is not FDIC insured. Now we will move around the association. Cam Thomas has been waived after three or four weeks with the Milwaukee Bucks. Um That comes on the heels of him arriving there and being compared to Lou Will and Jamal Crawford, two of the great uh sixth men in NBA history. Obviously, both played for Doc Rivers, and which is why the comparison was made. Uh and it just haven't worked out for Cam Thomas. It's unfortunate uh because I said on the podcast after Cam Thomas left Brooklyn, like, man, you got to be careful cuz it didn't work with Brooklyn, and they were a bad team and a good team throughout his tenure. Didn't quite work. What's next? This next team isn't going to have as much leniency with you. They're not the team that drafted you all those things. And now I don't know what the future looks like for Cam Thomas. What I do know is even if he signed with somebody today, due to the March 1st cutoff, he won't be eligible. Um he won't be eligible for playoffs. And so, um really unfortunate uh of what's happening with Cam Thomas. I know he turned down some money, some money in which I thought he should have signed for. You take a 2-year $30 million deal, you at least put some money in your pocket, you at least give yourself a chance to figure it out. Uh and now unfortunately, he's waived and and and I don't know what the future looks like for him. So, we'll see. Um But this goes back to what I said when he was waived. It's a classic tale. Cam Thomas is one of the best scorers in the NBA. It's a classic tale that there there's just not enough basketball to go around. You have to do other things besides score in order to make it in this league. So, hopefully Cam Thomas can figure it out as he is extremely talented. Jeff Teague says the Pacers should draft Boumoussa over Debounce because of fit. Do you believe teams at the top of the draft should make selections based on fit or purely on upside? I think fit is important. Um I think fit is important, but I think we've also seen that in Detroit many years ago when they drafted Darko Milicic instead of Carmelo Anthony. Um when you're looking for fit as opposed to upside. If I'm If I'm honest, if if if the Pacers think Debounce is the best player, you go after Debounce. I don't think the Pacers have a great starting three man anyway. And so you add AJ Debounce, which is a franchise player on that team. I don't know why you don't do that. Um so I understand what Jeff Teague was getting at. You know, and and you know, Jeff Teague spoke about having quiet superstars in Indy, Peyton Manning, uh Reggie Miller, Paul George. And quite honestly, you know, he spoke about how you see those guys come to life after. And I'll just go out there on a limb, Jeff. You know, maybe those guys feel more comfortable talking when they're not in Indianapolis, bro. You know, because I don't know. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I'm a big fan of Boumoussa, but I don't know if I'm taking Boumoussa over Debounce. And in that case, say say the Pacers get the number one pick. Like, you got to draft the best possible player. You can't draft the best possible fit. What if Tyrese Haliburton go get gets hurt again? Like I know one of the points Jeff Teague made was like, Haliburton's your star. But let's say he gets hurt again. You could have had AJ Debounce. Or Don Peterson if you think one of those two guys are the number one pick. And so I just don't know that I agree with that theory because the number one pick comes with a different set of standards. Everybody's not going to look at it and just be like, oh man, Boumoussa's the better fit, so he's the number one pick. No, they're looking for the best player. And so I think that take could get somebody fired, Jeff. Uh needless to say, man, shoutout to the Club 520 guys. Um But yeah, Jeff, I got to disagree with you on this one. I think you got to get the best possible player you can get because for instance, Indianapolis uh Indiana Pacers were in the NBA finals last year, and you see how fast it can go. And for that reason, you have to get the best possible fit. Lastly, as we move around the association, KG, the great Kevin Garnett, says the NBA is more of an event than a sport. And what he was getting at was pretty much saying like, it's a show. You know, it's not necessarily about the basketball or the basketball to its purest form. It's a show. He called it an event. And I actually have to agree with KG on this. Um it is more of an event. Uh but it has to be. I think one of the biggest issues that the NBA has faced as of late is it not being eventized enough. When you look at big-time TV partners, they are looking for an event. Ask Jake Paul. The reason Jake Paul is able to make so much money right now is because Jake Paul creates events. When Jake Paul has these boxing matches, it's an entire event. And that's what Netflix is buying. That's what the TV um stations, that's what the streaming platforms, that's what they're buying. They are buying events. That's why the NBA created the play-in tournament. That's why the NBA created the in-season tournament because what sells is events. The one thing NBA has right now is a ton of inventory. But as we can see by the salary cap dropping, um the inventory isn't always as valuable depending on which piece of the inventory that it is. And so you have a lot of these games that go on regional TV stations that aren't really worth a ton of money. And so with that, them not being worth a ton of money, what you need is events. That's what sells. And so I agree with what KG said, except I think he was saying in a different manner. Um you know, KG was talking about the edge. And where I you know, and how players don't necessarily always have the edge. But again, this is big business. This business has changed since KG last played. And with that being said, the edge that some of those guys had when K including KG when KG played, it's not really accepted these days because of the business, because of the partners, what they want to see, how they want the game to look, and all of these different things. And so, you know, um KD's point uh excuse me, KG's point what uh has several different points wrapped up in it. It wasn't just the event thing, but it started off with the event events. And that's just the business of basketball, but it has to be eventized for it to work, for the NBA to continue to grow. It has to be eventized. And so, yes, KG, you are right. It is an event. Um I do agree with also agree with KG uh where he talked about the work and how no one's putting in the work. And what I will say is these kids, they put in the work. Uh I just think they're trained to work out. And so in turn, they're great in workouts, and they're very skilled and talented. But the in-game reads, uh what's going on in the game, the in-game adjustments, how to see plays develop, and all That's some of the stuff that be missing. Ultimately, I think that affects the product more than anything because ultimately, you're either watching good basketball or bad basketball. And so I think that's where, you know, the line in the sand kind of gets drawn is yeah, they do the work. Uh but it's a different type of work. You know, they're they're working on moves and working on these different things that may not always translate, especially for who they are in their career. And so I just think, you know, with us, we grew up playing the game. Well, I'm not KG's heir, although I played in the league with KG. I'm not KG's heir. Uh but even then, like, you played more basketball, so you knew more reads. People don't play as much today. And so I don't think they understand the game as well. Uh but I do think they're putting the work in. I just don't think they have the basketball knowledge uh that people once had. And then lastly, uh KG was speaking about Ant-Man, and he was just saying Ant-Man going to have to get real uncomfortable if he want to take that next step in his leadership. And I agree. Uh he's going to have to get uncomfortable, but that's what it requires in order to get over the hump. I saw Joker uh talking tonight about how his next step is to be the bad guy in his leadership. Like it You have to. And I know a lot of people criticize when the guy want to be the bad guy when leading. But that's because there's not many leaders. So there's going to be criticism because people don't know how to lead. There's way more followers than there are leaders. So I agree with KG on that as well. I agree with a lot of KG what KG said. I only disagree with how he framed the NBA being an event. I think it is an event, but unfortunately, I think that's the way this is going to continue to go because it have to in order to keep selling at the highest possible level that it can. If you care about your energy, your skin, and aging well, listen up. Cymbiotika is a supplement that is clean, liposomal, science-backed, and actually absorbable. One staple is NAD+ It has the best orange vanilla flavor. It supports cellular energy, healthy aging, and gives your skin that radiant even tone. You just stir it into your drink. And for strength and performance, they have advanced creatine. It helps with recovery, sustained energy during high-intensity workouts, and focus. You can use these everywhere, whether you're traveling, at the gym, or just running around. Cymbiotika makes wellness effortless. Go to cymbiotika.com/draymondgreen to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's y m b i for 20% off plus free shipping. And before we get out of here, we move on to Spartan days. It is NCAA tournament time. Please drop your Spartan stories at draymondgreen@audacy.com. And today's memory is from Henry Juan. Being someone that played against him, how good was Tyler Hansbrough on those UNC teams? And why do you think it didn't translate to bigger roles in the NBA? Uh he was really good on on those UNC teams. Like you said, I had the opportunity to play against him. He was unstoppable. They went to him every time. He was extremely strong. Uh he traveled a lot in the post and they never called it. Um he was a great free throw shooter and he got fouled a lot. Uh but Tyler Hansbrough, he was relentless. And and and in in college, that relentless type attitude works, you know? Uh it really does. In the NBA, you kind of got to have a little more skill. Uh and I just don't think Tyler Hansbrough had the skill. He also didn't have the athleticism that the bigs had that he was going up against. And so in turn, I just don't think it translated as well. And and don't get me wrong, Tyler Hansbrough still had a respectable NBA career. Uh it just didn't turn out to be who he was at North Carolina. Um and that's why it did not translate into a bigger role is because no one in the NBA was just going to throw Tyler Hansbrough the ball and say go get us a bucket. It wasn't fluid enough. It was too rugged. Um you know, it's I'm going to go through you. Uh but shout out to Tyler Hansbrough, man. Great career at North Carolina. Obviously one of the best ever. Uh and a pretty good NBA career. As I said, it just ultimately didn't live up to what he was in college and what maybe people was expecting from him. But like I said before, in this NBA, you have to play a role. Uh you must play a role unless you're Steph Curry. You must play a role unless you're LeBron James. You must play a role. And so that's kind of what happened. Uh but in saying that, I think Tyler Hansbrough still played 8 9 years in the league, which is a good career. So not knocking anybody that can spend that long in the NBA. So shout out to Tyler Hansbrough. Uh yes, they beat us in the national championship. I still hate it. Uh nonetheless, was a hell of a college player. Want to thank you all again for tuning into the Draymond Green Show. We've got the Nets and then the Wizards. Till next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think. And it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holtzer. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josephine Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
