What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we'll get into Thursday's game two. We'll get into the Knicks and Sixers game three. Couple other hot-button topics around the association. Let's get right into it. First up, hot-button topics. Um obviously, there's this uh large um media uh storm. Not storm. Snore? Whatever you call it. Uh thing going on around my comments to Chuck when I was on Inside the NBA about him being in a Houston Rockets uniform. And I think I want to provide a little bit of clarity and of what I was saying. Uh I actually talked to Kenny. Uh Kenny called me and he said, "Man, I didn't hear you say you when you were talking about the Rockets." He said, "So, I didn't really understand what you were saying. I thought you was talking about like the Houston Rockets like right now or something." He said, "And I thought, well, the Houston Rockets right now, they got KD. They like, what's wrong with the Houston Rockets right now?" He said, "So, I didn't catch the punchline of the joke." He said, "If I caught the punchline of the joke, I thought that was hilarious." He said, "I just re-listened to it and I actually thought it was hilarious." He said, "If I caught the punchline of the joke, I I agree. I watched him play the last couple years in Houston, too. So, I would have been in on it." He said, "So, I'm just seeing all these people say these things and you know, like, our show, that's what we do. We punch back and forth at each other. We create viral moments. So, that's what we do." And he's laughing. He's like, "I can't believe I didn't catch that punchline." He said it was so timely. Like, and perfect. I needed to play on that. So, I just didn't catch the punchline. And so, we were talking about it and I was like, man, you know, I was like, well, in the moment, I thought it was a joke. I thought it was funny. Um, but nobody reacted. He said, yeah, I need to talk to Ernie tomorrow and see cuz I don't think Ernie caught the I don't think Ernie caught it, either. He was like, yeah, but that would have been a good moment. Um, anyway, and and I told him, I said, uh, you know, interestingly enough, the reason that I would even say that, right? Like, it'd be very stupid to be like, yeah, Chuck, when you were in Phoenix, I wouldn't want to look like that or your first couple years in Houston, I wouldn't want to look like that. That'd be stupid, actually. However, what Chuck makes fun about in his career is actually the last 2 years in Houston. Chuck's last 2 years in Houston is what he talks about. It's what he say, "Y'all sucked, man. I was out of shape. I was hurt. I sucked. But, I was going to get that free money." That's what he says. So, what I found interesting was how everybody tried to make it like this whole "Oh, man, Draymond think he better than Chuck." thing. I found that interesting because what it shows is how bad y'all want me to do bad. That's what it really shows is how much y'all want to see me fall. And I find it interesting because I've been up against that my whole life. Um but I find it very interesting how much y'all want to see me fall. And um that's good. I think that's um amazing for everyone that does because if you're spending time trying your hardest to make me fall what are you doing with your life? And how's that going? So I I I find that part of it very interesting. Um this whole talk of like, "Oh man, who Draymond think he is?" Number one, I think I am exactly who I am. Like who I who I think I am it's it's exactly who I am. You know, so I it it get interesting when when all of these people like, "Well he shouldn't say that. He can't say that. He think he better than Chuck." And you can't say what you say about me cuz you're not better than me. You're not better than me at basketball. Um you're not better than me at life. You know, and so I find it very interesting people jumping out like, "How dare him talk about Chuck? He ain't better." Well, then you can't talk about me. Because you're not better. And so that's a very interesting concept. Because Chuck talk about people. He played basketball. He speak about people. I've seen Chuck say negative things about LeBron James. Not that he's like talking down, but I've seen him say things about you name I've seen him say things about Steph Curry. Charles Barkley's incredible, had a great career and is one of the media personalities. For sure the media personality when it comes to basketball, NBA. He's the. But in media in general, he's pretty high up there. Um, just a complete standout, right? I've seen him say things about And and and basketball career phenomenal. I've seen him say things about Steph Curry. His career ain't better than Steph Curry's. I've seen him say things about LeBron James. His career is not better than LeBron James. So, the fact that one could say those things about anyone and nothing could be said about their career is a very interesting concept to me. It's a very interesting concept because some of Chuck's funniest things that's made him the media personality he is is kind of him taking digs at people. Some of the best moments on the show is him taking a dig at Kenny or him taking a dig at Shaq. And going back, that's what makes that show great. And so I find it very interesting when people say, "He can't say nothing about Chuck cuz he ain't have a better career or he ain't better." Obviously, there's been this large talk about or from Austin Rivers uh this week. And he's been talking and then he went on this thing and talked and went on another thing and talked and I thought it was cute. Um, I saw some comments coming through to to my notif or I don't get notification but like if I click on Instagram and so and they like, "Ah, he crushed Draymond." Draymond can't say nothing back. Number one, I don't do back and forth. I say what I have to say if you notice and I'm done with it. I move on. I don't go back. I I don't do that. That ain't how I move. I don't move when spoken to. I speak when I want to speak and then I move on. However, I saw some comments that come through that said, "He crushed Draymond. Uh Draymond can't say nothing back." And if the whole notion is you have to be a better player to say something about someone, then now this is a double standard. Y'all see how this is working out, right? Like because you can't say I got crushed by someone that didn't have near the half the career or resume. And then when it's on the other foot say, "Well, Draymond can't say nothing about him because he ain't better." Like the two things that they they they're they're directly contradictory of each other. Like in complete contradiction of the other. And so you got to pick one. Like however we going to be in this media and this basketball landscape, you have to pick one. Can't be both because those two things they don't See how that that they don't quite work. So, anyway, back to statement then, you know, obviously number one, Chuck and I drank till 3:00. We we had tequila till 3:00 in the morning after the show. Uh at the little spot we go to and it was incredible. Uh Chuck talked on the phone to my mom because my mom was blowing my phone up. Cuz I actually thought nothing of it, right? Like when we went to commercial break it wasn't like um when we went to commercial it wasn't like "Yo, man, you said this." Or any tenseness and like it's never that on that Like you go to commercial, guys do what they do. We keep talking about the topic we were talking about or start texting or laughing about something. And so it was none of that. Like I saw Dan Patrick like, "Oh, how was it during commercial?" Nothing. "You should go do the show." Nothing. Um But I I I heard like So there there was nothing. So then my mom's blowing my phone up. We're sitting at the pub drinking. And she's blowing my phone up texting me like, "You and Charles getting into it?" I'm like, "No." She like, "Y'all had the beef tonight?" I'm like, "No, what are you talking about? Ain't no beef." She like, "You sure y'all ain't into it?" I'm like, "I promise you." I FaceTimed my mom and flipped the camera. My mom's favorite three players are Charles Barkley, Shaquille O'Neal, Isiah Thomas. Favorite three players of her life. I flipped the camera. She like, "Hey." He like, "What's up, Mama?" SHE LIKE, "Y'ALL INTO IT? LIKE what's going on? I read on Twitter he said Mama stay off Twitter. Them people don't know what they talking about." Stay off Twitter. She like, "Oh, all right. Y'all good?" He like, "Yeah, we having drinks, Mama." My mom was in the bed with her scarf on, bonnet, eye mask right here about to get ready to go to sleep. He like, "Goodnight, Mama. Get some sleep. Love you." All right. She like, "All right. Love you. Bye." We we moving on tonight. Now, what does happen I saw that Chuck said some things today. And what does happen to people is what I've learned in this business is when people like people that sit in their basements and and like tweet and make up narratives and Instagram and make up narratives. When people do that and people see it, then they feel a need like, "Oh, maybe I should feel a way." Right? Like maybe I should feel something about this. And so I saw Chuck go respond to that, right? And he said, "Well, if Golden State was relevant, he wouldn't be in the studio with me." And kind of uh weird choice of words because relevance is not it it like still got the most national TV game. You can't really speak relevance, you know, like organization still make the most money of any organization. Like you can't really speak relevance. Is Golden State's still the number one game that's shown on the ESPN at night? Like so you can't really speak relevance. Um and that is the Steph Curry effect, no mistake about it. But so you can't really say relevant. However, if we were still playing, you're right. I wouldn't be in the studio, but I am cuz we lost. Um And that's okay. By the way, what an honor that I get to go into the studio and do that on that platform with those guys. Incredible. You know, so I don't I don't like have some hard feelings about like, "Oh man, we lost." Like, yeah. That's fine. Great. Not upset about that. Four times I haven't lost and I know what that feels like. So I don't I'm not I'm not upset about that. Um He also said he wouldn't trade his career for mine. Uh he wouldn't Karl Malone wouldn't, Patrick Ewing wouldn't. Uh nor should they, right? Like I think when you've done great things in your own right, to sit and say and think like, "Yeah, I would want to trade careers with that person." Number one, it comes off as a little jealous and it kind of haterish almost or like I don't know. But I I don't want anyone else's career. I'm so happy with what I built and what I was able to accomplish that I don't I don't sit around like, "Man, if I could have had LeBron James' career." No, that ain't that ain't that wasn't what was for me. What was for me is that resume that I put together. And and all my hard work is the resume that I put together. And I'm so proud of that. And I know Charles is so proud of the resume that he put together. And I know Karl Malone is so proud of the resume that he put together. And I know Patrick Ewing is so proud of the resume that he put together. I am so proud of my resume. So, I don't actually sit and think like, "Man, I wish I had their careers." Because there's obviously things that I experienced experiences that I've had um due to things in my career that they haven't had. And there's things that they've done in their careers that I haven't. And that's okay. Right? Like I'm I'm not an MVP of the NBA like Charles. I'm not an MVP of the NBA like Karl Malone. I'm not an 11-12 time All-Star like Patrick Ewing. None of them are defensive player of the I'm not uh 12-time All-Star like Charles Barkley, an MVP. None of them are a defensive player of the year. None of them are experienced winning a championship. That don't mean they would trade their career for somebody else's. No, I they they put the work in. And I put the work in. And I can appreciate their careers and they they don't have nothing to do with mine. My resume because people debate sports, they compare resumes. Resumes are resumes because they are facts. They are actual things that happened. My resume don't affect his and his don't affect the next man. People just talk about sports and they try to act like it do it though. My resume is just that. It's my resume. And I'm I'm so proud and happy with that. So, when he say like, "Yeah, they wouldn't trade their careers." I Yeah, he's right. But neither would I. Because you're proud of the work that you put in. And that's just what it is. I never put down Draymond as a good player. We're not on the same level. Yeah, I'm not an NBA MVP. I'm not at all. But I hope to walk in the Hall of Fame. And if I do that, if I'm lucky enough to do that, fingers crossed, hopefully I will be, then that would stamp us on the same level. So, he's right. I'm not there. And that's okay. Still constructing, still working at it, still trying to get there. That's okay. So, again, I think people trying to create this whole "Yeah, man, Draymond think he better than Charles Barkley." Don't lie and don't put words in my mouth. You want words that I always give you the words out of my mouth. No point did I say, "Oh man, I'm better than Charles Barkley." Stop it. Again, to try to build it as disrespect uh There's no disrespect from me to Charles Barkley. That's just not how I roll. Uh there's No, it's unnecessary. Uh there was a point where our relationship was real contentious. It ain't near that. Um looking forward to golfing with Chuck. Always an honor to take the stage with Chuck. Um but on that show, you do you jazz. That's a part of what makes that show great. And going in and trying to fit into that show is no easy task. You're talking four guys that are like like this and the chemistry is crazy, right? So you go in like you want to have an impact and you but you want to hold your own, too, you know? Like and so that's what it is. Forever grateful for Chuck, how much he's helped me in that space. Um And that's that. Grateful for the friendship. I think all y'all trying to like do what y'all doing and trying to that up is what, but it is what it is. But I am also a man of accountability and in telling a joke the way it was received. Um I don't think it should have been received that way, but it was and in the facts, it is what it is. If it's received the way I see it being received, I am not too big to say, "Yo, if if that was viewed as disrespect publicly, I can say sorry publicly." Um because I'm not I'm not like I don't have an ego, right? So if if if in fact And again, like I plan on doing this for a long time. So it won't be the last time that like you say the wrong thing or people receive something differently than it should have been or what you meant it to be. Um But if in fact it was I what I can say is I know what my intent was, right? And I my intent was pure. But if in fact it's viewed as public disrespect, I can publicly apologize because the disrespect ain't the intent. So, if that's the way it's viewed as publicly disre- public disrespect, I can gladly public apologize. Cuz I don't I don't I don't disrespect wasn't my intent. So, if that's the case, take this as my apology. I do apologize. I- I- if if that's viewed as public disrespect. Cuz I like to adjust public things publicly. So, that's that. After the break, we will get into these NBA playoffs. We'll be right back after this. If you're a dad like me, or if you're single, or if you're at any stage or age in your life, you have probably been worried about health care. Figuring out insurance, finding the right doctors, making appointments, it can make you feel stuck. When I learned about Solace, it felt like the resource I wish I'd had from the start. Solace matches you with a dedicated health care advocate who steps into the mess with you. A Solace advocate can find the right doctors and schedule appointments, fight denied insurance claims to get care approved, and make sure all your doctors are actually communicating with each other. They can even join your appointments remotely, help translate complex medical language into plain English, and break down test results and treatment plans so you know exactly what's going on. You connect with your advocate by phone, text, email, or video call them through the platform. These are experienced health care professionals include nurses with years in the field, and they've already helped tens of thousands of people get better care. Go to solacehealth.com to see if you qualify. It takes about 2 minutes and it's covered by insurance. That's solacehealth.com. Must be 18 or older. Advocates do not provide medical or legal advice. Pistons beat the Cavs 107 to 97 in game two to take a 2-0 series lead, and I went to the game. And a little um maybe not well-known fact about me is I don't I I've never gone to NBA games as an NBA player outside of working um doing TV and working on Inside the NBA. I I've never been to an NBA game since I was an NBA player. Uh was really excited to go to Pistons back in the playoffs. I remember going to playoff games when Joe Dumars was the general manager Rip and those guys. I remember going to playoff games then and like what the intensity was. So, to go in that building last night, which obviously is The Palace, but it's Detroit and it was electric. And I've never sat courtside at an NBA game. That was my first time sitting courtside at an NBA game. Like, it was an amazing experience. Like I mean wow. Like, I have never understood the hype of why people are willing to pay so much money to sit courtside at these games. I just have I I I just I have I just haven't understood it. And and having that experience, I must say to all of you people I kind of understand it. I mean, it was like amazing. I was like a kid in the candy store. It's crazy. I saw Manny Harris. A lot of basketball fans may remember may remember Manny Harris. I saw Manny at the game in the club in the back before the game and I'm like, "Fresh, I'm nervous as hell." He like, "What Why you nervous?" He like, "Oh, you ain't never been to" I'm like, "Nah, Fresh, I ain't never been to the game." And so, I really don't know how I'm supposed to be feeling right now. Like, a part of me is like, "Yeah, of course, should be playing." But, a part of me is like this kid in the candy store. Like, "Yo, I'm going to a NBA playoff game and I'm sitting courtside and I ain't never did it, but I really don't know how to feel." And then it's nostalgia, right? Like it's the Pistons. It's I'm I'm in there tripping out like stomach queasy like I'm about to play a game, man. I was nervous as hell. Like, how is this I don't know. Like the thoughts that I was having I I But, wow. What an experience. What an experience. Like Wow. I mean What an electric atmosphere and what an experience. What what what Tom Gores has done with that that organization. Moving the organization downtown. I think Tom Gores don't get enough credit for He left a building he owned. That was the Palace. That was a good building. Like it Nothing wrong with Nothing wrong with the Palace. He left a building that he owned and said, "Go ahead, tear it down." Moved his team into an arena that they have to pay rent in to ultimately build the environment that that that I saw last night. He don't get enough credit for that. Detroit has four teams. Four professional teams. The Lions, the Red Wings, the Tigers, and the Pistons that all play within a 1-mi radius of each other downtown. That's so special. He moved that team there and they had They they they rent the They rent the space. He had They had their own building, man. Where he can get all the concert money, all the park No, we're going to move them here. We're going to move down. That's a very underrated move. And like I said, it showed last night of why he did it. That place was electric. It I mean, shout out to the Pistons getting it done. You know, just sitting there like hearing what guys say to referees. Like got to say what's up to the referees. Them to see all of them like, I'm happy you you sitting over here right now and I ain't got to talk to you like they talking to these guys tonight. Right? Like just those interactions, man. It was so special. So special. And them guys was balling, man. Cade obviously leading the charge, took over in the fourth quarter. Had 12 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter. Like you can see him taking over. I've been extremely impressed with Duncan Robinson. Duncan Robinson's putting the ball on the floor when they're running them off the line and getting the little floaters, finishing a couple layups, obviously shooting the three. 54% he's shooting from the field. Duncan Robinson's been key to Tobias Harris. I thought there was a point in that game in the fourth quarter where they stopped going they started um going away from Tobias. And Tobias I think what the Pistons got to understand is as great as Cade is, sometimes when a bucket is needed, he can help himself by giving the ball to Tobias and letting Tobias go get it. Tobias gets buckets and he been playing his ass off and and that was beautiful beautiful to see. Those guys Ausar Thompson incredible athlete. Like to see some of the things he was doing on the defensive end up close. Not as not as a player like sitting there watching it. Amazing. I thought his second foul his second foul he can't get. Push the guy in the back he getting a layup. You're so much more important than that layup that that guy's about to get and him keeping that second foul. Then he pick up a a third foul cuz he get upset at James James and he just push him down. It take him to the bench with 7-8 minutes to go in the second quarter. That hurts that team. They need him out there on the floor. And so I thought he he you know, he got to be a little better as the great defender that he is um as far as handling that. He was played great, but the time off the floor it it negatively impacts their team. And so he got to save them fouls. He got to get fouls when they matter. You can't get those ticky-tack fouls being a defender that he is because it's just going to have such a negative impact on a defense. Isaiah Stewart defensively been incredible and he's continued that. I saw him up at the level of a couple ball screens like he was about to blitz, get out of it. Um he made one mistake where uh Jarrett Allen caught the ball in the post. He pivoted away from the rim. Stewie stepped up. He stepped through. He got the foul. I'm like, "Nah, don't step up cuz if he going that way, he going to throw the jump hook." And falling away, who cares? But more than likely more often than not he going to come back into you and you and you just absorb. And he corrected it um in the second half. Uh some a guard drove in there and did the step and they tried to go back. He was right there. And it it was just beautiful to see those progressions, man. Uh James Harden had another tough night uh 10 points, shot 23% from the field. Uh Listen, I think you know, everybody is saying all these things and with the turnover stuff and all. I don't think y'all realize how how how tough it is to play against the team that Like Duncan Robinson is not a great defender. Duncan Robinson 6-7. So you got 6-7 K. You got 6-7 Duncan Robinson. You got 6 8 6 7 6 8 Ausar Thompson, long as hell and athletic. You got 6 8 Tobias. You got 7-ft Jalen Duren. Man, that's a big ass lineup. And some of James' struggles is due to that. Right? Like, all those guys are much much much younger than him. They're all probably taller. And all except Duncan is probably at this point right now more athletic. So, you see some of these turnovers and you like, man, how do But, when you go to throw that pass it look like it's there. Them moving out there. I just watched it up close. They are moving. So, yeah, James has struggled and I think some of the criticism he's getting though is like everybody's tying different years and series to this one and like, no, this just I think is a tough series for him. Like, didn't they come off the bench? Dennis Schroder ain't as tall, but he got great length and but he's fast and scrappy and pressure and Caris LeVert 6 7. Ron Holland 6 8, long athletic as hell. Stewie 6 10, athletic as hell, young. Like, do you get the theme here? Like, so I think a part of the struggles that everybody is trying to tie to like, oh, James is this person, he all a part of the struggles are Man, them guys young and athletic as hell and they're presenting a problem for him. But, the tie it to everything and try to discredit who he is as a player and who he's been and you know, his the resume he's built. Like, come on, man. Some series are just much tougher than others. And I think you can see this series it's just been tough for Cleveland went 0 for 11 from three in the fourth quarter and they were 7 for 32 overall. It's going to be tough to win road games shooting like that in the playoffs. Uh but ultimately you got to ask yourself what can they do to even this series? And the reality is I don't think they can. Um They can play a lot better if they get Jared Allen from game seven as opposed to Jared Allen from these first two games. I think that can help a ton. But ultimately I think the Pistons are just too physical for the Cavs. Um Jared Allen and Evan Mobley both are struggling with the physicality of the Pistons and the Pistons know that. And so watching it up close, you can see all the things that they're doing hitting these guys every time they catch it when they don't catch the ball. Stewie coming to hit Evan Mobley. You see Evan Mobley step away. Like all of those things I think are making a difference in this series. Everybody want to just point to James Harden. It ain't just James. It's not. It's not just James. I told you all before the series started about the Dennis Jenkins and Dennis Schroder match up. How important that would be to the series. It's 2-0. Dennis Dennis Jenkins has won that match up two nights in a row. That's a big match up in this series. You guys don't understand how important the backup point guard spot is. That's a big match up and Dennis Jenkins right now is winning that match up. Due to that, he's helped he's closing these games. Right? Like he's playing that well. And so the Cavs got to play more physical. Um obviously they got to get James loose. I think they need to do more in getting him on the move as opposed to just the normal come down ball screen. Like these guys are too athletic and they covering up all these spots and he ending up having to take tough shots. Think if they can get him on the move, try to mess some of those switches up, give him some angles, get a step on some guys because of the motion, I think it ultimately can help him, but right now the the the Pistons are just much more physical and they obviously have a good team and they're number one seed for a reason. This message is sponsored by Raycon. If you're someone who likes getting outside, whether that's going for walks, running errands, or just grabbing a bit of fresh air, it's nice to have something that fits effortlessly into your day. Raycon's essential open air buds are great when you're out and about. Since they're open air, they sit just outside your ear canal, so you can listen to music or podcast while still hearing what's happening around you. It makes being outside feel easier, safer, and more natural, especially when you're on the move. The sound is still really clear and balanced, so it genuinely feels like the best of both worlds. They're also super lightweight and the ear hook rotates for a secure fit. So, whether I'm at the gym, on a walk, or doing things around the house, they stay put and don't get uncomfortable. Raycon has over 3 million customers and audio quality rivals much more expensive brands. Plus, there's a 30-day happiness guarantee if they're not for you. The essential open air buds are the perfect addition to your everyday routine. Go to buyraycon.com/dreamboundopen to get 15% off. Thanks Raycon for sponsoring. Thunder beat the Lakers 125 to 107 in game two to take a a 2-0 series lead, and I don't have much to say about this one because I was at the Pistons game. I actually didn't get to watch uh much of this game. However, after the game, uh JJ Redick said LeBron has the worst whistle of any star player I've ever seen. And um the only thing I can say to that is has he ever watched Steph Curry play? Um, and is Steph Curry considered a star player? Cuz got nothing but love for LeBron, but if Steph Curry is a star player, and which I think he is, no one gets a worse whistle than Steph Curry. So, got to agree with JJ there. Austin Reaves and his teammates confronted the refs after the game. Uh, Reaves said in his postgame, he turned around and just yelled in my face. I just thought that was disrespectful. At the end of the day, we're grown men grown men, and I just didn't feel like he needed to yell in my face like that. I told him if I did that to him first, I would have gotten a tech. Felt like the only reason I didn't get a tech is cuz he knew he was wrong. I just felt disrespected. Listen, I understand this. I tell y'all all the time these referees do get disrespectful. Um, and with the respect must be upheld on both sides. Uh, it looked like he was talking about the calls, but I'm happy to see that that's what he was talking about because if the whole team is standing there and they talking about calls, I don't know how you move on from that and going in the locker room and then you like, "Yo, we going to play tough in there, but" So, it was actually good to know, uh, that he was just talking about respect. I respect that. Uh, and ultimately, um, the X factor in this series, I think has been A.J. Mitchell shooting 19 shooting 50% from the field averaging 19 points per game. Uh, you knew someone had to step up in the absence of Jalen Williams, and A.J. Mitchell actually has been that guy all year that has stepped up in the absence of Jalen Williams, and he's doing that again. And yeah, just like the last series, I don't think the Lakers can tie this series. I'd be surprised if it goes five. I actually think it's only going to go four. If the Lakers did get one win, I mean, it's LeBron James. Like, he can always capable of possibly getting one win, but I don't think they can do it here. Uh so, I don't think this series will will go on much longer. And today, the Knicks beat the 76ers 108 to 94 to take a game a three game to zero lead. Uh Embiid came back 18 points on seven seven for 17 from the field. Tyrese Maxey 17 points on eight for 12. Jalen Brunson 33 points, five rebounds, nine assists. Mr. Clutch again, big buckets late down the stretch. Mikal Bridges 23 points, stepped up. They needed that with in the absence of OG Anunoby. Josh Hart 12 points and 11 rebounds doing exactly what Josh Hart does. Um the Sixers obviously came back from 3-1 last series. They will not be coming back from 3-0 this series. Uh you know, Maxey only get 12 shots. Again, I think a big part of Maxey's game is how fast they play. When Joel come back, they can't play that fast. Defense able to load up on them. Smaller guard is harder to get a bunch of shots up. Eight for 12, he was very efficient. Just didn't get a bunch of shots. So, you know, this goes back to what I was talking about at the beginning of the series and last series. It's just like when you got such a big force like Joel Embiid in the lineup out the lineup, it's really hard to adjust game to game. And you know, they may come back game four and be a little better at it because they just have some more time together, but it's really hard to adjust game to game. And what jumps out at me is Joel comes back, he gets 17 field goal attempts, which means Maxey only got 12, Kelly Oubre Jr. got less, Paul George got less, and those guys are playing well, right? So, I just think not that Joel shouldn't get field goal attempts, but I just think it's hard for them to find a rhythm. And the Knicks are as in rhythm or more than any other team. They're hotter than any hottest fish grease right now. And so, no. Uh Knicks in four. It'll be a sweep. And I think the Knicks are headed to the conference finals. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89% and developer called Intersect Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion. Bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a Reg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. Now, it's time for the slingshot of the night brought to you by Sling TV, the most flexible live TV streaming service. Watch the NBA playoffs on ESPN with the Sling 1, 3, or 7-day pass starting at $4.99. Learn more at sling.com. And our slingshot of the night is none other than Mitchell Robinson posterizing Joel Embiid on the inbound play. Uh live from Jalen Brunson. What an incredible pass. What an incredible set Mike Brown drew up, Joe. He got the action going right there. And he got the flares going up top so that Kelly Oubre couldn't come down and tag on the live. And so, he had them dual actions going on. And only help that he can get is obviously from the inbounder to shade that way. But, the only real help that he could possibly get right there is for V.J. Edgecombe to release off Deuce McBride's body and bump it a little bit. He did not get that and in turn it was Joel Embiid trying to run underneath the screen and it was Mitchell Robinson going up top. And to add insult to injury, Joel fell once he got dunked on and that's the worst. You fall when somebody dunk on you, especially as a big man, that's the worst. That is our Sling Shot of the night is brought to you by Sling TV. Sling puts the consumers in control with their flexible subscription options. Want to watch one game or even a full series on ESPN? Grab a one, three, or seven-day pass starting at $4.99. If you want to watch as many games as possible, get a monthly subscription with their combo package. Either way, Sling lets you watch the playoffs your way with no long-term contracts. Learn more at sling.com. Want to thank you all again for tuning in to The Draymond Green Show. I don't take your hours viewed lightly. I don't take your time lightly. I don't take your support lightly. I'm very grateful, very appreciative. Until next time, deuces. If you're rocking with The Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Hotzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnely, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
