What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we must talk about the NBA Finals. What a start it was. We'll get into the game. We also have a special guest joining the show today to break it all down. So, let's get right into it. This episode of the Draymond Green Show is presented to you by Kayaks. Stay tuned for the rest of the show where I'll tell you about their brand new readyto drink preworkout beverage. We're going to start the show today with the rapid fire warm-up brought to you by Kayaks and their new creatine EAA booster drink. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. First off, kicking off the NBA Finals, I appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live last night and it's always great um when you have the opportunity to appear on Jimmy Kimmel. It's always fun. Uh it's a great environment. Like I said on the show last night, it's the first crowd I've walked in front of in quite a while and didn't get booed. Uh that's not chasing her. So that was great. Um and then they gave me a boo, which I asked for, which always feels great. So that was fun. But I'm always um grateful for Jimmy having me on the show. I think I've been three years in a row now. Uh which means we haven't been to the finals three years in a row now. So Jimmy, maybe I won't come next year. At least that'll be the plan. A lot of people are discussing uh when I spoke with Jimmy last night about the three-point contest being rigged. And it's true. I was told, "Hey man, Kevin sucks. Uh he's very bad, so you're going to have to miss some shots on purpose and make it interesting." I was like, "All right, great. The second rack I threw basketballs." Kevin, how about this? Call him out publicly. Hey, Kevin Hart. That is um you want to do a three-point contest? Let's do a three-point contest. And we'll do a three-point contest for money to charity. That'd be fun. Or or I can continue to work on my golf game. Not quite there yet. Listen, one thing's for certain. I am not a talker that just talks that isn't real, right? So, I'm not going to come on here and talk like my golf game is where it needs to be for a match. What I can tell you is my golf game is headed towards where it needs to be for a match. And in saying headed towards, it's a long way to go before it actually gets there. Needless to say, I have faith that I can beat Kevin in just about anything. Maybe not. Um, I definitely can't beat him in comedy, but in a race I'd beat him no problem. We saw him try to race one of his friends and came up gimpy. And I actually played poker with Kevin that night after he came up gimpy u when he was trying to race boss. I think he was trying to race. So, you know, we can make it fun. But always great being on Jimmy Kimmel and obviously always great bumping in the cab. Now, let's get into game one. Uh, the MVP of game one. I know everybody's going to say, "Yo, Jaylen Brunson had 30 points. That's great." Yes, Jaylen Brunson did have 30 points, and yes, Jaylen Brunson did close the game out. However, the MVP uh was Carl Anthony Towns. And the reason the MVP was Carl Anthony Towns is because he did it on both ends of the floor. Um, defensively, he was incredible. And there were still a couple fouls that I want Cat to take away. Um, there's one where Wimy's spinning and turning into the shot. Cat reaches down and listen, Cat is a habitual reacher. Uh he that's that's what's been so special about his performance in the playoffs is he's kind of taken that away. But he's a habitual reacher. And when you are a habitual reacher, you're going to have those instances of where you do it and you're like, "Ah." And the moment he did it on that play, I saw him pull his hand back like, "Ah." And so you can tell that there's been a conscious effort between Mike Brown, um, Darren Irman, their coaching staff on getting Carl Anthony Towns to defend and to defend without fouling. And it was beautiful. It was absolutely beautiful to see. My next my next challenge to Cat would be, but let's take that one or two reaches away. Like we could still take those away because if we take those away, Whim is an incredible free throw shooter. If we take those away, now you're talking, I think he had 23 points on 21 shots. Now you're talking 17 points on 21 shots, 15 points on 21 shots. And it looks even better than it looked, right? So take those away. Make him make that shot, but it was beautiful to watch offensively. Put Wimby in a very tough spot. Cat put Wimby in a very tough spot. He pulled him away from the rim. Now you got to move them feet. Move the puppies, as they say, cuffs say move them puppies. Wimby wasn't moving them. Cat was getting by him on on just a simple sweep rip through. But here's the thing, though. Wy's pressed up. Why is he pressed up? Because if you don't, Cat got a quick trigger and it's from right here. He'll light you up, right? So, Wimy's pressed up because he trying to take away from the three. One rip dribble and Cat's buying him, right? Cat kept getting by him. And so also pulled them away from the rim. You pull them away from the rim, the paint opens up. And I don't even think the Knicks actually took advantage of that this game. I actually don't think they took much advantage of the curls and all the things they were doing out of the corners uh leading up into the series. I actually don't think they took advantage of that that game. But needless to say, uh the MVP was for sure Kyle Anthony Towns. However, the way Jaylen Brunson closed that game was about as impressive as someone could close in a moment like that. And they were able to to steal game one as I thought they would. But here's the thing, they didn't play well. And we'll we'll we'll get into that. I was a bit disappointed that Stefon Castle um wasn't guarding Jaylen Brunson more. There was a lot of switching um especially with the job that Stefon Castle and to me like early on to start the game Stefon Castle wasn't really even Jaylen Brunson's matchup which to watch a guy to watch a guy guard the MVP of the NBA backtoback MVP of the NBA as good as we've seen anyone guard him uh for seven straight games. and then you come out and you're playing against Jaylen Brunson and you're not glued to that guy. That was a bit disappointing to me. Uh it was a bit disappointing because that you got to stack those you got to stack them up, man. You got to line those guys up. Jaylen Brunson should be next in line for Stefon Castle, right? And I I really didn't see that mentality. Now, if you didn't see that mentality, you ask yourself the question, all the crying and stuff after game one, are they a little drunk on the success that they've already had? Are they, you know, was their job done and being beating OKC? Because the reaction to being OKC really felt that way. Now, you're talking a very young team, first time in the situation. gonna celebrate a bit, but the reaction felt a little like they may have felt like they won it already. And you know, you see the defensive intensity at times and you know the that's my man, that's my matchup. I'm guarding this guy at times. We didn't see that down the stretch. Jaylen Brunsw scoring all them points. Where's Stefan Castle the guard? That's what I want to see. That's what everybody want to see. That's what you have to do if you want an opportunity to win at the highest level. And I just didn't quite see that. I know a lot of people are calling Jaylen Brunson um getting hurt in game one. Harrison Barnes fell into his knee, calling it a flop and a dirty play. Listen, there's been a lot of flopping. Um was it a dirty play? Was it intentional? I'm not I'm not one to say. I don't know. Um, everyone always has their take on was this dirty, was this not when you don't know someone's intention. What I will say is Wimby has been caught on camera telling his guys to somebody up. Harrison Burns ain't somebody who's playing a lot of minutes right now. They've been caught on camera saying, "Yo, go this dude up." So, I don't know. I'm not here to accuse anyone. What I do know is what I know, which is they've been caught red-handed telling guys, "Yo, go get this guy." So, you make out what you want to make out. Needless to say, Jaylen Brunson tough as nails. He closed the game out. He went back in. He fought through ankle injury, all that, and closed the game. Game two is extreme, extremely important game. Who's going to take game two? Who's going to be the MVP of game two? who is going to take it up on themselves on the Spurs team and say this is what we're doing. This is what I'm doing so that we go to we head to New York 1 and not down 02. However, you know, if if I had to guess an MVP for game two, I think the easy choice is Wimby except if Carl Anthony Towns is guarding the way he's been guarding, it's not going to be easy. He's been guarding, moving his feet, not fouling. So, it ain't gonna be easy. And I still think that guard play is important. And the the the MVP of the game going to have to be De'Arren Fox or Dylan Harper. I thought Dylan Harper had a really good game. I didn't I was surprised that he didn't get more minutes, more opportunity, but you're going to need those guards to play well if you want to win at the highest level. I've been saying that. It's true. It has to happen. I'm more impressed with Dylan Harper every time I see him play. However, he's not getting as much of an opportunity as may be good for them. So, we'll see. But my game two MVP, it has to be one of the Spurs guards. Unfortunately, I don't think it's going to be I think it's going to be someone from the Knicks. Allah Jaylen Brunson. I don't think he had a good game. I think he found his rhythm. He saw some things. I think Jaylen Brunson is going to come out and dominate game two. Thanks to our friends at Kayak for sponsoring the rapid fire warm-up. I'm feeling ready to go and you'll feel ready for your workouts with their brand new creatine EAA booster drink. This Swiss engineered readyto drink pre-workout beverage has a dualchamber cap from VCAP that keeps the creatine, caffeine, and other ingredients separate until you open it. Just push the cap and it mixes right in. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. You know how much I love staying locked in, energized, and completely focused. But let's be honest, caffeine just got a massive, much needed flavor upgrade. 5-hour energy shots are bringing you tasty caffeine in a variety of bold flavors. It gives you as much caffeine as a 12 oz premium cup of coffee, but with zero sugar and absolutely zero sugar crash. Right now, I am absolutely loving how they reimagined the classic popsicle with firework freeze 5-hour energy shot. We are talking juicy cherry, citrusy lime, and candyike blue raspberry, all combining together to create a bold flavor explosion in every single sip. It is the exact iconic freezer pop flavor you crave with none of the sugar, making it the perfect portable, hassle-free treat whenever you need a quick boost. You can spark a tasty flavor sensation with these five shots today. Ignite your taste buzz with a firework freeze flavor fiveh hour energy shot now available online at fiveour energy.com or Amazon. Father's Day is right around the corner and if you're still figuring out what to get the dad in your life, I've got you covered. This message is sponsored by Raycon. Raycon's essential open earbuds have been a total game changer and it feels like they were made for dads. Whether he's out for walks around the yard or just never indoors, these will get used. These earbuds sit just outside your ear canal, giving you incredibly clear sound while keeping you aware of your surroundings. They're super light with a rotating ear hook, so they actually stay put and stay comfortable no matter what the day has in store. Going to the gym, running errands, being around my house, I love these because I can hear what's going on around me, but still have a great sound. Raycon has over 3 million customers, sound quality that rivals the most expensive brands, and a 30-day guarantee. Now is a great time to buy because they're 15% off. Upgrade your dash everyday routine. Go to buy rayracon.com/graymonopen to get 15% off. Thank you, Raycon. When starting and maintaining a business, it can seem like your to-do list keeps growing and growing with new tasks. Finding the right tool that not only helps you out, but simplifies everything can be such a game changer. For businesses, that tool is Shopify. They're the commerce engine behind millions of global brands and 10% of all e-commerce in the US. So, they know exactly what it takes to grow. You can skip the tech headaches by using their design studio, which features hundreds of readytouse templates to make your store look professional from day one. They even help you work smarter with built-in AI tools that can write your page headlines and polish your product photography in seconds. And if you ever feel lost, their awardwinning 247 customer support is there to get you back on track. It's time to turn those whatifs into with Shopify today. Sign up for your $1 per month trial today at shopify.com/grine. Go to shopify.com/grman. That's shopify.com/grmont. Today's guest is someone who I have a tremendous amount of respect for. Um, he's been doing TV so long and being a part of the NBA basketball ethos for so long and bringing such great content, such great analysis that I'm sure a lot of people even forgot that he was a basketball player. But he worked his way up the United States Basketball League and the Continental Basketball Association before eventually breaking into the NBA. He parlayed that into a 10-year NBA career. However, he's been at ESPN since 2000, appearing on all of their basketball program and he's been on various ESPN radio shows and now if you watch game one of the finals, he's on the call as a part of ESPN's a team as a color commentator calling his first NBA finals and I'm so excited to have him on the show. Please welcome none other than the one and only Tim Lllor to the Draymond Green show. Tim, man, it's it's great to have you on. I really appreciate you coming on the show. Um, it's an honor. I've I I always say like you're you are one of the original people in America that work from home before anybody else work from home. You you see you work from home. You come on ESPN. When I'm in high school, college, watching you come on ESPN, work home, work from home. And now you're in an arena. Everybody's not working from home. And you're the complete opposite. you're in an arena once or twice a week like what's what's what's it been like um kind of getting you know behind the desk like you have being on the A team at ESPN like what's that transition been like for you and that that experience with RJ and Mike and first of all man I just sit here and think now I'm on I'm on I'm I'm on this squad and we're calling the finals and I think about all the finals I watched in my life growing up watching it falling in love with the league getting into the league as a player and then covering it all these years at ESPN to be now be sitting there and think of the number of people that have sat in that chair and I'm you know on that list is first of all just an honor sitting next to Mike Richard um love what we've become as a group but I think to answer your question I think for me what what I love about it more than anything as you and as you know probably by just listening to me over the years I love teaching man I love talking to folks absolutely and trying to figure out a way to to maybe give you something as a fan to think about and look at that maybe you wouldn't have thought of or didn't see and just gives you a more interesting way of watching the game. Um, but it's just it's basketball stuff, man. That's all I want to talk about. And so studio stuff, you get to do it, right? But it's like you get to think about, you know, if you're going to do a pregame show, you got time to think about what you want to say. If you're doing postgame, it's obviously you're just reacting to what you just saw. For me, the ultimate challenge is calling the game. So, you're teaching in real time. Like, that's that's really what it's all about. It's the ultimate challenge. And that's why I've always wanted to call games. I've called him over the years at ESPN, but my first full year was last season. They put me on a full game schedule. And obviously after only one year at that, now here I am sitting with Mike and Richard and calling the NBA Finals. Man, I could not be happier. I'm honored to be there and it's the best seat in the house for the most um electric environment in the sport. Yeah. No, it's it's amazing. And I've always enjoyed uh watching you when you come on from home and it and watching you do games is even more enjoyable because that's what I love about the business. When I first got into it, that's why I got into it. I'm like, I want to see more people teaching the game and I want to help people better understand the game. And you're the best in the business at that. I've been doing it for years. So, you know, it's funny, Draymond. It's funny because I've I've heard you, you know, I've heard you and you're you're right, by the way. You know, you you you say that all the time. You go off on it, man. I just more people and I always think to myself, man, I hope that God he's not talking about me because I think he knows that's what that's what I'm trying to accomplish out here. So I'm glad I'm glad you said that, man. No, absolutely. Best in the business and have been for a long time and it's been an honor to watch and just listening to it at a game. Like it's brought a different perspective when you're watching these games. I I I'll be honest, I used to watch the games on mute. Um because you you just there wasn't often times where you'd actually hear like game breakdown. So I would watch it on mute and it's been a joy watching you and our man. That means a lot, man. It really does. Appreciate that very much. Absolutely. Um so what what was the energy like San Antonio? It's their first time back in the finals um since what 2014. Uh what was the energy like walking into that building? New group Wimi. They're they're they're loving it. Like how was it going into Man, it was a powder keg, man. It was energized. They were ready. They were there early. It was as loud as you would expect it to be for a finals game. Um and and they came out and it was interesting because start of the game neither team was particularly shooting the ball very well. Pretty kind of expected that maybe to happen. Um probably I'm sure a little bit of nerves involved with that and just guys missing shots they probably normally would. But then then the rhythm started the game started to happen really second mid-sec quarter into the beginning of the third quarter and they're up 13. Place is rocking. you could sense that in almost in the building they they kind of believed like okay this is how we knew game one was going to go and something really important happened right at that time and I don't think there's been a lot of talk about it today I don't know if you maybe have gone over it yet but we're sitting there and they took WBY out of the game with seven minutes left in the third quarter and it was an early break for him and I I was sitting there at the time thinking you know that's early and like they're up 13 so was Mitch Johnson thinking man this might be a great time to buy us some extra minutes of rest because we might want them to go longer in the fourth. And at that time, the Knicks, they had scored two points in the first five minutes of the third quarter out of the locker room. And they weren't getting any offball cutting to the rim. Guys that were penetrating were doing, as Mike Breen described on the broadcast, U-turns where you go back out because Wemy's back there. I thought it was a great description. And all this was going on and I and I'm and then they took him out of the game and it was unbelievable what happened over the next four to five minutes while he was out. Immediately it was Lander Shamut on an offball cut just curled caught it laid it in. Carl Anthony Towns attacked Cornet on a closeout drove right past him a three-point play. Jaylen Brunson like a semi-transition play right to the rim over the front of the rim. Um, and then I think it was maybe OG or Bridges, one of those guys got a slash and a cut just like that. Webby goes off the floor. It went from 13 to six. Yeah. Timeout Spurs, you know. Now, okay, WebM's coming back in the game. But for me, that was the critical segment that set up getting it tied going into the fourth where the Knicks had belief that they had dug themselves out of the hole. They weathered the storm. It wasn't going to be a 20point game they had to dig out of. It was 13 and now it was six. And you could just see the belief change and that's when I started to feel a little bit of nervous energy in that building amongst the fans because they were like, man, this team got punched and they got right back up and they threw some haymakers themselves and now you knew it was going to be a dog fight in the fourth quarter and the Knicks are so comfortable in that situation, Draymond, because they've got number 11 and and that dude is just I think right now more sure of himself in those situations than maybe any player in the NBA. It it's been beautiful to watch. He like when he get the ball in those situations, you're almost surprised if he miss at this point. Totally. And it's and it's a variety too. It's not like, you know, some guys it's like they got their their go-to. Maybe they're going to try to get to some step backs like three, four of those in a row. No, I mean, he could do that, but he he hit he hit like a floater going to his left. He hit um a bank shot going to his right. He hit a step back or should have been an and one going to his right. Then of course twice he just went oneon-one and worked somebody into the lane and then shot that little one. He comes to that jump stop, pivots away from you, spins, hits the fadeaway. Hit two of those and it but it's just like it's just it's fascinating to watch a guy that is just that certain of the outcome. Yeah. And it's it's really against that level defense. Not phased, man. Not phased. And that's why that team has so much confidence. That's how it's going to go if it's close. Absolutely. And you know, everybody always overreacted game one. I think you know if the Spurs win, everybody's like, "Oh man, you knew they would." The Knicks win, everybody's like, "The Spurs, we knew they weren't good enough." With that being said, um both teams didn't play well. You know, the the Knicks didn't play great. They played great defensively, but they didn't play great offensively. The Spurs didn't play great offensively, and their defense, to your point, when Wimby wasn't on the floor wasn't great. When Wimby was on the floor, Wimby can cover up mistakes, right? So, when you make a mistake, he can erase a mistake. But when he was on the floor, I didn't think it was great either. You know, there was times where Cat, you know, he's so worried about the drive uh the three where Cat just one dribble and he's around him and you know, you got Wimby pulled out to the three-point line at the top of the key, he can't cover things at the rim. So, I didn't think their offense is great. So, in saying that, do you think uh some people are putting way too much stock into this game, one win by the Knicks, or are you sitting there like, "No, they didn't play their best game. The Spurs didn't play their best game, but the Knicks won it. If they both play their best game, the Knicks win, too." How are you feeling after that game one? Yeah, I'm feel I'm looking at kind of the way you just said, neither team I I don't think was close to their, you know, their their top standard. Particularly, I think the Knicks with what the role they've just been on. I mean, they they turned into a machine offensively for the last 11 games, buzzsaw, unguardable, the balance that they were that they were hitting you with. Um, and their defense had gotten pretty elite, too during that time. So, I thought like offensively for them, yeah, that's a long way from when I've seen them at their best in the postseason. But Spurs, you could say the exact same thing. I thought the biggest problem for San Antonio, I just didn't think they did a very good job of getting Webby the touches in the areas of Florida he likes it the most. And I'm not saying that that you can just flip the switch and correct that because the Knicks have a lot to do with that. That might have been the best all-around defensive game I've seen Carl Anthony Towns play. He bodied him, he hit him. His size was a factor. He didn't overreact to the closeouts where he's fouling him cuz Cat's prone to that, right? you know, he'll close out real hard and then someone will try to go around him. He'll stick his hip out and get two fouls and Yeah. and they take him off the court and now it affects his rhythm. He didn't he didn't go for that. Uh he's always going to rebound well, but it was more about his positioning and his discipline and taking on the challenge. And also Dre, I love the fact he took seven shots in his first 11 minutes of playing time. He went right at Wemby. Yes, he did. And and it it really was a lot different than what you saw at Chad Homegrren, you know, in the in the end of that last series. Cat got his first shot blocked, too. He drove right past him, got a shot block. You know what he did the next time he touched it? He put his head down and went right back at him and got to the rim and finished. So, I just thought his approach was confident. He showed up for his team in a big way in game one. And I think the Spurs have to figure out a way to get WMBBY the ball, those elbow touches, those quick rolls off screens to the rim in space earlier in the floor in transition before the Knicks can get into his body cuz I thought he wore down, man. He he he looked like he'd been he was he was bounced around by a lot of guys in that paint. And it it just became a very uh a game where he had almost no rhythm whatsoever. That to me is probably the biggest thing I'm looking for in game two. How do they find that and establish that for him because he didn't get to that place in game one? You know, I agree with you 10,000%. Legs is however that's my worry because that is the Nick's strength. You're talking like with Carl Anthony Towns like he was great last night against Wimi, but for majority of the playoffs, he's actually been pretty damn good defensively. early on in those first couple series, he was still doing some of that foul and stuff to where he like, "Come on, Cat." And you've just kind of seen like this 360 flip. Even in listening to the game last night, he's the guy on the bench like, "Yo, forget the offense. Our offense ain't going, but our defense is what's going to win us this game. We've seen this already. We saw this before where against Cleveland game one, our defense kept us right there. Our offense wasn't going and we still won that game." So, you heard the leadership from him about the defensive side of the ball, but where I worry for Wimby is he's most dangerous, like you said, when he's rolling in the rim, when he's rolling to the paint, because you can throw a lob anywhere in the vicinity and he's going to get it. Well, where that's different is a lot of guys that they play, you know, you you're you're rolling and it's a 63 guy tag and it's a 6'4 guy tagging. It's Oanna Noi tagging. It's it's Mel Mikel Bridges who's 6'8 tagging. Josh Hart who's 6'5 66 but plays much bigger than that and is physical as hell. And that blow he delivers on a tag is going to even feel different than Mike Bridges at 68. And so I think with defensive masterminds that they got on the coaching staff like Mike Brown and Darren Irman, this game plan that they're I I think they're going to make it tough for him rolling in the paint. And when he's rolling in the paint, it's so much size there to where I think it actually affects his role. And if if if if those guys can't get the live pass to him, then it makes it much tougher for them to score because a lot of them score going to the rim because you have to respect Wimby so much on the roll. And if they don't if they know that they don't have that and the big doesn't have to overcommit, I think it's going to be tough. But to your point, man, with Cat playing the way he played last night, going straight at Wimby, I've I've never seen him take on a challenge like he's taking he's been taking challenges on and especially the way he took that challenge on last night. If he continues to do that, I don't think there's much the Spurs can do. Man, listen, I I I'm going to give you a number that I saw today that's going to point directly to what you just said. Last night in in a game in which Wemby set at least 20 on ball screens, they had the Spurs had the fewest points per possession on those screens than they have his entire career since he's been in San Antonio. And I think it's because of what you're saying. like he it was bumper cars for him and right because when he's at his best he's first of all there's a big difference between setting the screen at 23 ft where both feet are basically at or inside a three-point line and one stride he's at the rim very difficult on those quick hitters for the backside defense to protect that. It happens too fast. When he's setting him at 30 feet it's a lot different. The threat level, the immediate threat level is not there. So now he has to take a second stride and that's when he's getting hit. It's and it just takes a little chip. I mean that's all you need as a guard or the big wings that the Knicks have. You just need a little chip so he doesn't have that straight line momentum at the rim and it changes everything about the backside. You don't have to overreact and flood to that side of the paint because it doesn't look like he's open. So now the the kick out and the three-point shooters, there's guys in their space. Spurs aren't really used to that. They're used to getting a lot more out of his direct ball screen action. They didn't get it in game one. And maybe look to your point, if that's just the personnel that the Knicks are throwing at him and they're executing the game plan and Cat's doing a great job initially, but then it's Ananobi, it's Bridges, even even dudes like Shammit, like they're he's committed, man, defensively, maybe it is, you Mitchell Robinson when he's on the floor, maybe it is going to be harder for him to get those direct assaults on the rim that collapses the defense entirely. And that's when you almost feel sometimes like powerless against them cuz like what are we supposed to do? I mean this dude this ball was just thrown up to the damn top of the square. What am I supposed to do as a as a retreating defender? He he wasn't getting clean breaks to run. And so I I definitely agree with that. I also think I you know I went back and watched their three games against each other in the regular season. They had great success when they were putting him in the corner to start sets and they're running him almost like a flex cut and he had option of either coming along the baseline screen or coming up to the elbow with space where Cat was chasing him and he had room on the catch. They didn't run much of that last night. So, I'm I'm curious to see what Mitch brings to the table for him. But you might be right, man. Like like look, this Knicks team, they are dialed in on both ends. It's business-like approach. They're connected. They're communicating. And it's going to be it's not going to be easy chore. And I think now everybody that watched that game last night is kind of going the one some people react. I agree with you. Listen, man. Spurs win game two. It's going to be okay. Knicks got their split, but the Spurs are going to feel a hell of a lot better about themselves going to New York. Absolutely. And so, let's just let's just see what happens on Friday night. But adjustments have to be made for the Spurs. And to your point, man, maybe they're not going to be good enough because the Knicks are playing that well right now. Yes, they are. They I I was saying the other day on this show, the last team that's done what they're doing in the playoffs is us. And that's no that's no flute. Like that's you see a team win 13 or 14 games in the NBA playoffs, that's no flute. That's a connected team. That's a well-rounded team. That's a team that are ready. They're built to face whatever type of lineup you can put out there in order to win 13 and 14 games. That's a team that's built for whatever adjustment that you can make. And so it's been fun to watch. Um I didn't get an opportunity to see uh who you picked heading into the series. So I wanted to ask you who did you pick and the game one change? I'm going be I'll give you full disclo full disclosure. Honestly, when you're calling the games, it's hard to make predictions because you know how people they misinterpret that. Like, so even though you and I both know cuz we're, you know, we're adults in the room, you can make a prediction and still go out and call an unbiased game, but but that's not necessarily how people out there in that world view it, right? They automatically try to read into your commentary, oh, this dude's commentating a certain way because he wants that team to win because he predicted them. It's It's ridiculous. You and I both know it. But I just think it's probably a better way to be so you can just absolutely understand people. You're impartial. You to show up, you call the game. All I want truthfully, all I'm rooting for is what we got last night. Give me some drama in the fourth quarter as a broadcast team. That's all you want because I don't know. I'm sure you were paying attention. Like we we just So we had the Eastern Conference Finals, our group. All right. So that was great. Game one was amazing. That 22-point comeback by the Knicks when you know and did three straight blowouts. We didn't have a single meaningful possession in the fourth quarter of three consecutive games. And then going back to the previous round, we did two Knicks Sixers games. Not a single meaningful possession in either of the fourth quarter of those two games. And our game before that, the Knicks were up 61 points against the Hawks. So, so, so we we were Mike and I and Richard Lisa, you were just sitting there like, "Please, man, just give me something." And I looked up at the end of the third quarter. I'm like, "Oh, thank God. We got to tie a game." like we're going to get some meaningful analysis here in the fourth quarter. So, that's all I'm really rooting for. But I did say this. Here's what I did say and I meant this. What what we needed to see from somebody out of the East because I felt go I felt like maybe go back six weeks. I felt man any of these top teams are capable of beating each other. Detroit, Boston, Cleveland, the Knicks, Philly, all those teams. They hadn't separated really. Clearly, it was OKC and and and U San Antonio looked like they were in a collision course. like one of those two teams is probably going to come out the Western Conference. So, I was like, well, who is going to show me that they're worthy of that stage from the East? You can't just win the East. You have to actually also look like you're an elite team. Absolutely. And that's what the Knicks to me in front of my eyes had become. This is turning into a great basketball team as we watch. So, now they had caught up to those two teams and now I'm saying now we have a final. It's going to be two heavyweights. And I think most people still were thinking, "Ah, whoever wins the West wins the title." And you weren't watching the Knicks then for the last month. Because they every night I saw them, I'm going, "Man, this is like impressive right now what they're doing." So I said going in, "Absolutely coin flip. No question. I can see either one of these cities hosting a parade because the Knicks have caught up to those two teams in the way they're playing right now." So that's really how I feel about it. Um Knicks obviously they've stolen home court. The good thing about it, and you know this man, you've been in enough playoff series, enough finals. Knicks don't have to win on the road again. That's what they just accomplished. You don't have to win on the road again. Now the Spurs do and that environment and MSG right now is bananas. There's no other word for it. It's insane the electricity in that building. I'm looking forward to experiencing it. No, I um I I agree with you 100%. I think uh the Knicks, like you said, they're connected. They're rolling. They've done their job. Now, what I would love to see is them go in there with that same mentality because they're going to play better. Like I don't I don't think I actually don't think they can play much worse than they played in game one. So, they're going to play better. And, you know, if if they I I'm interested in By the way, they don't have to go in and win game two. However, if they want to keep the momentum from what they they they just did in game one, it's not to go win game two. It's how you go approach game two. If you approach game two, put some fear in their hearts. Make them have to beat you. Because often times you go in, the team don't really even have to beat you. You go in, you like, "Ah, we got our split. It's fine. No problem." If the Knicks go in with a mindset that they have to beat us in game two, even if San Antonio does, going into game three and you're the Knicks, you still feel great about it because often times when you get that split and you don't win game two, you still don't go into game three feeling incredible. You just lost the game. You know, you're not looking. Totally agree with you. No, that's funny you said that because I'm sure this you're the perfect person to ask this because all the all the different, you know, 2211s you've been in, but I've always said what you just said is the same thing. Not all splits are created equal. Yes. The split the split you get where you win the second game and now you take that with you. That's different than winning the first game and losing the second game. Even though mathematically you accomplish the same thing, it's not the same thing cuz it is about that feeling when you get on that charter and you change cities having had the last win. So, I totally agree with you. So, it's great they got their one, but San Anton is going to feel a hell of a lot better if they could just get this game. And one thing that was impressed to me about the Knicks and and Cat told us this, um he said when they when they clinched against the uh Cavs that flight home, he said it was dead quiet. There was no celebration on that plane. And I thought that was interesting. Even Mike Green was kind of surprised about that. And he said, "Because we just don't feel like we've done anything yet." And even last night, if you could you saw some of the video of those guys leaving the court. Nothing. Stone face. Stone face. And I think that's that's that's kind of where they're at right now, man. Even though that city is starved, right, and Nick fans are losing their minds right now with excitement, that's not that's not the demeanor of the team. the the demeanor of the team is this means nothing if we don't cap this off and get three more of these wins. So that's that's that bodess well for them. But I agree, man. Look, we've seen San Antonio at their best this season and in the postseason at different times. They weren't close to that. Knicks clearly can also play better. For me, this is going to have to be a desperate performance for the San Antonio Spurs. Like you got to fight like your life depends on this game. And I think you're going to see that out of them. I don't know who's going to win the game, but I think San Antonio fully understands the level of intensity and energy they're going to have to bring with this from the very beginning. Yeah. No, I agree with you 1,000%. Uh, and I'm I'm excited to see this game too and then get to the garden for game three and four. I want wanted to move past the uh the finals a bit and I I appreciate you for the breaks down breakdowns that you just gave. To sit here and listen to you live and in person do that is special to me. It's what I love about your commentary, like to just sit and learn and like hear your eye, you know, hear how your brain works and the things that your eyes catch is absolutely incredible. So, thank you for that. Um, wanted to move past the finals a little bit. You now you know that we're we're in the NBA finals. We've seen all 30 teams throughout the course of the season. We obviously got the last two. We're going into next season. Um, what I think the question would be who would be your top five guys going into next season? But most importantly to me, I would say if you're you're going into next season, who's the number one player in the NBA? Is it Shay Gilis Alexander because he's won two MVPs? Is it Victor Wimbeyama, the guy who's shown us all he's shown us throughout this year in this playoff run? Who's coming in with the crown next year as the top player in the NBA? I think WBY is setting the stage for assuming that consensus, right, that you have to have where you're generally regarded as because it's never going to be rarely is it ever going to be where it's just unanimous in the moment who is the best because even with Shay getting two MVPs like that's still been a debate throughout the last two seasons. I think WBY now and and the series he had against OKC and winning game seven on the road in the fashion that he did and that team did, you feel like no matter what happens in this series, you know, he is setting the stage for next season where people and again, you got to come out of the gate, they got to play well, he's got to put up his usual numbers, their teams got to get out to a great start, but you know how that works. By like midseason, we start to form a consensus on it. I think Wemby's positioned himself to be that guy. Um because the impact is dramatic. Pe more and more people now are aware of him watching him every night, the ways he affects the game. Um you know, he still has more growth as a player as a young player and he's come a long way since he got in the league just with functional strength. He doesn't necessarily look much bigger, but he plays a lot stronger than he did when he first came into the league. That's going to continue to improve. his understanding of of different coverages that he's going to see. I still think there's a lot of growth for him as a passer. And I said it last night early in the broadcast. One of his first moves, he went into that spin and I don't remember who it was and one of the Knicks was in his lap when he came out of spin, he turned the ball over. And I said, if I'm the Knicks, every single time he puts it down and he goes into a SP, someone needs to be there because the one thing he still isn't going to do yet is pick you apart with his passing. So make him that's what I was that's be my approach to him and so that could be an area of growth for him just his maturity overall. I think he's setting the stage for that right now. Dre, do you agree with that? Do you think he's kind of the guy now you look at going into next season even though we've got a two-time MVP who I'm sure would love to get his third in a row if he can next year. Joic is still in the picture. Um, but for me, I look at Wimby and I'm just going, man, this postseason run is what you kind of plant the seed in people's minds going into next year, what the expectations are. 1,000%. I think uh Shay is great and Shay's going to come out, he's going to average 30 plus points next year. Um, but one thing Shay's going to be up against, which I think you kind of heard some of that throughout the playoffs, what he's going to be up against here is, as you know, people get greatness fatigue. you know, do you they see you doing it over and over again, right? Like totally Joker, we see Joker go out and and score 40 points, 20 rebounds, and 15 assists and be like, oh, that's just another great Joker night. Like totally agree with that. Yo, those numbers, this man just had 40, 22, and 15. And it's just like, oh man, like that's what you grow to expect from him. You've seen it with LeBron James for many years, right? Where you see the greatness and everybody's like, oh, that's just what you expect, Steph Curry. Oh, that's just and so Shay's going to be up against that now. And due to that, I think that's why you heard so much about the flopping and you heard so much about the free throw shooting because he's now up against that. It's not It's no longer the sweet darling that has grown through this rebuild with the franchise, never complained, and just got better and look what he's become. It's now everybody picking you apart, which to your point sets the stage for a young fresh Wimby, a young fresh face who everybody wants to see take that next level. I think it sets the stage for him to come at come in as the number one guy in the league. And the way he's talking like he wants that, right? Like and man, I'm glad I'm glad you said that because the thing that jumped out to me early, we all saw the first videos of this Victor Webmanyama dude, right? I'm watching the video just like you and I'm going, "Wow, that's interesting. That dude is ridiculously tall. He's handling the ball and he's shooting the ball and, you know, he's he was playing against, you know, European competition and you're not sure like yet till you see him in person." Um, and and I'm glad you said that because the thing that jumped out to me was his early interviews when you got this young kid coming in all this hype and he's talking about not just accepting like his responsibility as a guy that has all this potential and the number one pick and going to that franchise. He was embracing it and I saying I want all of that and it's it's incumbent upon me to live up to it. I loved it, man. He doesn't run from that at all. He's never used youth or inexperience or as an excuse for anything. He wants all of it. And so his maturity level at his age is really incredible. And I I'll be honest with you, man, I had not had a chance to speak to him directly until uh the day before game one. It was the first time he came into the green room. We were able to interview him. I was blown away by the way he speaks. How I asked him a question. He sat there for 15 to 20 seconds. I'm not exaggerating. Looking at the floor, I thought, "Damn, did he not like my question?" And then he just turned to me, put his hand on his chin, and just he was thinking because he's like, I I want to answer this with the with the most, you know, diligent way that I can to give you the answer that of what you were seeking. I was like, man, this dude is different level like even like cerebrally. Like he's thinking that far ahead and that maturely at his age. Here's the other thing. Look, man, you need the infrastructure around you to be able to reach your ceiling as a player. So you win, you're going to need help. Think about Dylan Harper and Stefan Castle, you know, and how much better they're going to be over the next two to three years. And so he's got this infrastructure around him. The winning is going to come. He's already in his first finals. I don't know if he's going to win this one or not, but he's going to be in I think in a bunch. And so for me, all of that is going to be in place for him where he's going to be able to assume the mantle. I look, man, you were defensive player of the year. You're one of the greatest to ever do it in this league. I I said when he won when he won this thing unanimously, I was like, "Damn, man. You might want to give him the next 10." I mean, seriously, unanimous defensive player. I'll be honest with you, dude. Like, when I when I submit my ballot every year, I I think personally that's the hardest one because it's so hard to quantify it. It's not all about stats. It's about IQ and anticipation and like your reads and your communication and your impact possession by possession. This dude was unanimous in that regard. I'm like, damn. Everybody is. So, I'm like, forget it. That's his for a while. So, the MVPs are going to come. Well, the championships, you would assume they're they are going to, but you know, they're hard. They're harder to get than you think. So, that who knows when they this first one's going to come. Maybe this year, maybe not. It's it's lining up for him, man. It's it's going to be that way for quite a while if he can stay healthy. Yeah. No, I I I definitely agree with that. It's it's been special to see. You know, an interesting thing. So, I have a close friend of mine who I play college basketball with. His name is Rayar Morgan. He played with me at Michigan State. And Rayar, he just finished playing overseas last year. Let's see. I'm in year 14. So, that means he played 15 or 16 years overseas. And he played with Victor Wimyama um two years before a year before he came over. So when he was on like that Metropolis, okay, one of those um he played with Victor Wimbama in in Nice. No, no, no, excuse me. In Leon. They were in Leon. So whichever team is in Leon, they played together and he called me a year before Wimy's name start popping up on Draft Wars and he was like, "Dre man, I got this 15, 16 year old kid on my team. He gonna be the number one pick in the NBA." And I'm like, "What?" He's like, "I'm telling you, man. He's 72. He's still growing. He shoot the ball. He dribble. He's like, "Right now, I can bully him a little bit." And Rayar's strong as hell. Rayar's like, "Right now, Dre, I can bully him a little bit on the block." But I'm telling you, man, once he figure that out, he's like, "So, I can still get at him right now." He's like, "But once he figure that out, he's like, he's going to be a problem." And sure enough, call that they go to camp in September, September, August, September. By January, he called me. He was like um he's in a group chat with myself and Travis Warden who I played with as well and he's like hey fellas y'all remember I was telling y'all like yo I I can still like move this kid and like he you know because he's a little light can bump him off and he was like well I can't do that no more and this is January now. So we're going from August September to January and he's like yeah but I can't do that no more. He's figured that out and and he's like he's special. He also told me two years before Luca Don's name ever popped up on the drive. Hey fellas playing. This is when he was playing in Spain. This kid with Real Madrid, he's like 14, 15 years old. I'm telling y'all he going to be the next one. And we were like, "Come on, Ray. You here you go. You talking about these European guys. Stop it, Ray." We hadn't seen Luca play. We just heard him talking. We're like, "Come on, Ray. Ain't no European coming over here doing what you're talking about." has two guy the the only two guys he's ever spoke to us about and they become Luca Donuch and Victor. You know, I'll tell you the first time I ever heard Luca Donuch's name are you you're familiar with Fran Frischilla? Absolutely. Nobody knows European players like Fran Frischilla. He's he's my ESPN go-to when the draft rolls around. I'll be covering the draft this year and so you know it's very heavy now with European players, foreign born players. And Fran know owes them all. Fran told me about Luca Donuch when Luca Donuch was 14. and he said, "Telling you right now, there's a dude over there that's going to end up being I don't I don't know if you said he's going to be number one pick in the draft, but he said he's going to be a great NBA player." And he was 14 years old. Now, it took a few years before we even got film on Luca before I ever saw him. And I still didn't know exactly what that was going to be. Um I I got one though I was pretty proud of. I'm This is a true story. I saw um in an AOU tournament the first time I laid eyes on Cooper flag. He was 15. He was 15 years old. Every person on that court was talking to him and hitting them and and he wanted all of it. And I'm going, man, this dude, he's got an edge. Like he's got a he's got like a nasty edge to him that's it's going to be required for a guy like this to get into the league. And at that time, no one knew where he was even going to go to college. You know, he didn't know he was going to go to Duke. But I said, and I remember started telling, my brother-in-law is a huge huge huge college basketball fan, and he was he was hoping Carolina was going to get him. And I said, "Listen, this kid's going to be the number one pick in the draft one day. Like, he's cuz he's got it all. He's got the size. He's got the toughness, versatility game." And I thought the thing that stood out to me, he loved to play defense. Like, it matters to him. A lot of want to on that end of the floor. Um, so there's that one, too. But when I first saw the film of Victor Wmanyama, I didn't know, man. I'm like, I I don't know what this is going to be, but that is the craziest thing I've ever seen. A young kid that damn big handling the ball and shooting it like a guard. Now, let's see how it translates. And I remember seeing him in Vegas for the first time. And I was like, "Okay, yeah, this this is this is another level problem because he's when this guy starts to get I call it functional strength. The difference between now and his rookie year, in rookie year, he would start to go downhill, take any contact on his hip, and he would immediately drift and he shoot these offbalance shots up on the backboard and wasn't getting any calls cuz he's a rookie. Watch now how many times he plays through that bump and shoots something on balance going to the rim and it's it's all the difference in the world. And even his ability to hold his position against guys that are fronting him or trying to get physical with him. Um, it's a big change, but as you can see right now, man, he's right up into a team. He's got some size. They got some want to. They got big wings. It's a different problem for him to navigate against this Nick team. I'm really curious to see, man, what this guy's able to figure out and solve as this series goes on. But there's no doubt, man, the Victor Wemanyama era in this league has arrived. Um, I don't know when he's going to win his when he's going to win a title or an MVP, but it's it's not going to be too too much further into the future. No, that's a fact. I love last night. He said, you know, they did some great things, how they did some things. He said, uh, but I'll figure it out. And, uh, I know. Yeah. Yeah. And, and people were like, people were like asking me today. I was getting some people asking me on some other media hits I did like, do you think that was the right thing for Victor Well, I'm going to say I said, absolutely. What the hell else would you want him to say? I said, in fact, I literally couldn't have probably as a PR person for the team written him a script, handed it to him, and had it sound better than that. He sounded sure and you want your best player. I know as a role player in the league that I was, I always wanted my best players to sound sure cuz I'm like damn if you're not sure what what the hell you want the rest of us to do, right? So I I was like, "Yeah, what are you talking about? That's leadership. That's leadership, man. Own it and sound confident in your approach to the next game." Now, it's easier said than done, and he knows that. But the one thing about him, man, I just the emotion he had when he won when he beat OKC. Like, I thought that was a beautiful thing. like, man, this really means a lot to him. So, there's no doubt how dialed in he is going to be going into tomorrow night. You know, it doesn't mean you'll get it done, but I I can't wait to see his approach and aggressiveness at the start of that game. Yeah. No, I think anytime he's had a bad game, he comes out 11 shots in the first quarter, and that's what you want to see from your star. Um, if if if you're on this side, I'm always looking for anything that actually helps with performance and recovery without turning into a complicated routine of powders and supplements. That's why Kayak caught my attention. This is a readyto- drink creatine booster that's engineered to work the way creatine is supposed to. It's Swiss engineered, sugar-free, and it even won a global innovation award this year. The reason it's different is because most creatine drinks lose effectiveness sitting on shelves. Kayak solved that with this really smart VCAP design. The creatine stays sealed separately inside the cap until you open the bottle. So when you press it and drink it, you're getting a full fresh clinical dose right then and there. And it goes beyond creatine. You've got essential amino acids for muscle support, citrine for endurance and blood flow, caffeine for focus, plus betine, electrolytes, and plant extracts to help with hydration and recovery, too. It's one of the few performance products I've heard about lately that genuinely feels innovative. Kayak's creatine EAA booster. Visit ka-ex.com to discover more. That's ka-ex.com. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89%. and a developer called Intersection Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion, bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a reggg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atari hotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atari hotels.com. Speaking of stars, uh, a lot of conversation about Giannis and what'll happen with him this off seasonason. a lot of conversation about LeBron James and what happened with him this off season. Uh where do you for what do you foresee happening with these guys? Do you think we've seen LeBron's last game? Do you think we've seen Giannis's last game as a buck? You know, listen to me. This is funny you asking me this because you know damn well you probably know better than anybody. So why don't you tell us right now? Why don't you break the news? You better stop acting like I'm gonna figure it out. I don't know what LeBron is about to do, man. Uh Giannis is an interesting one because it's it's you know and and Dame Lillard went through this in Portland. Like you get to the point where it's almost like everybody kind of just understands it's time. You mean like he gave How old is Jiannis now? He's like 32 like 32 33. Okay. So like think about that man. He came into the league he was 19 years old. 18. Yeah. He he he's given his entire career to that to that and won a championship and and multiple MVPs and defensive player of the year, but mostly most important won a championship. You get to a point when it looks like it's going in the wrong direction that it's almost as if even the fan base kind of you get to a point just kind of go, man, you deserve it right. And so I do I expect Giannis to be somewhere else? Yeah, I think probably a lot I believe in that a lot more than LeBron because it seems to me from the outside, again, you would know better, man. But it seems to me from the outside, he made a conscious decision to go there in the first place and he wanted to be there. It seems like he's pretty damn happy living there. His family's there and, you know, his his son is still there on the team. And so you think there's a lot of other stuff even if like for LeBron and I've said this about him many times, man. I don't think LeBron has to be like losing sleep. I got to get another ring. Got to get another ring. Like with all he's done to in the game and what this guy's career has looked like it's it's almost at the point I know man. I'm just like no man whatever like makes you happy. That's really all that matters at this stage of your career life. You don't have that much more time to do it. Just be happy. I mean, for me, it seems like he's pretty happy where he is. Now, look, I don't know all the inner workings of the dynamic with Luca. And is there is there ever any frustration there with Luca in certain ways? And it's it's not as fun as maybe you think it, you know, you'd want it to be for him. I don't know the answer to that because there were times last year, beginning season, I even said it publicly. I said, I didn't know there was great chemistry with this team. Yeah. And and like I remember when LeBron was out with an injury and Luca was going off in a couple games like scoring, you know, a lot, taking a lot of shots. LeBron was sitting there street clothes kind of very stoic, just sitting there watching this dude drop like 30 in the first half and like not really moving, getting up, not really dapping anybody up. And I'm just kind of I don't know what that means. Like or maybe that's just LeBron kind of in that mode. But I always wondered about the chemistry between the two of them. It felt like it got better as the year went on. It felt like they reached a point where there there was more of a respect factor I think from LeBron Duca. And so has it gotten to the point where like he's saying, you know what, I'm good here, man. I like here. My family likes it here. I like the organization. I don't know if we're going to be good enough to win it next year, but I don't want to be going and chasing something in a different city, leaving my son who's still part of the team. So, I I don't know, man. I really don't know the answer, but it seems to me that's more likely for a guy to stay. Giannis, more likely for a guy to be somewhere else. Yeah, I I definitely think, you know, I don't I I try not to use personal relationships in basketball to kind of cross those lines, but I think from just what I see, I don't think it's a matter of if he goes to another team or not. I think it's a matter of if he continues playing or not. Like, I don't I don't foresee it like, oh man, he's going to go to Phoenix, he's going to go to go to state. I don't foresee that. I could be wrong. I don't know any more than anyone else knows, but I think and what I see to your point, the the happiness that living in the city of Los Angeles brings him, right? We all well documented. We've all seen this huge compound that he's building in the city of Los Angeles, you know, uh, winning a championship there. His whole life and business and all of those things are set up there. And I'll tell you another one. In LA, you can golf every day. And he's picked up golf full steam ahead. Yeah, man. That's kind of a wild situation because Do you play? I I started playing last summer. Yeah. Cuz like I I didn't I didn't I never touched a golf club till I was 27 years old. And um the only reason I did and then I became addicted to it. But the only reason I did it was because at the time the Phoenix Suns were owned by Carsten Ping of Ping Golf Club. They had a program in the league that as a an opposing player coming into Phoenix, you could go out to the Pink Factory and get custom fitted for clubs. They gave you a tour bag, the whole bit. And I didn't I had never played golf, but I'm like, I'm going to take advantage of this program though because I might play one day. And that's really what kind of got me started, but I started later in life. And so for LeBron, you know, most dudes now, like they play golf. Like I was even, we were interviewing Dylan Harper this morning. He's like, he's already playing. And it's like, yeah, you know, and he's just turned 20 because it's like a normal thing that basketball players do now. So, LeBron took this up very late in regard to how most guys do it in their careers, but he definitely seems like he's got the bug because I've seen a lot of videos LeBron James on the golf course. Um, I got a question for you though, like what what if he's not if he's not playing, whatever that is, whether that's this summer or next year, whatever he makes that decision, what what's next for him, man? Does he want to own a team? Does he want to I mean the guy is he's either close or already a billionaire I'm guessing. Um what does he want to do next? Does he want to be in a front office for a team? Does he think he want to stay connected to the league in that way? I think for a guy like that it's going to be hard to stay connected, right? Like we saw with MJ. MJ tried it. You know MJ, when you're that great at something like how do you go and evaluate a player? Because we all evaluate players through the lens we see the game. And for him, how does he evaluate a player through his lens and how he sees the game? It's similar to Shaq, right? Like if you listen to Shaq speak on TV. Often times you're like, I feel what you're saying, Shaq, but it's so hard to do that, but you can't. You know, it's like the lens that you see the game through. And so for him, I don't know how he does something like that. be the general manager of a team as a the star that he is, b like the lens that he sees it through, c all the other things that he has going on to then take a job like that where you're in one place for, you know, I just that's the thing I was wondering about just the time commitment, the change of lifestyle, like when you got that much money and you accomplish what you did as LeBron James, like I'm sure there's some fun things that he's gonna want to get into business-wise or whatever. Who knows? I mean, you know, Hollywood, who knows what he wants to do. You go take a job like that if you're not fully committed every day and that there is no really you're not ever on downtime. The phone's not turned off when you're in a role like that. But but at the same time, I feel like those guys, a lot of those guys, they have such a yearning desire to compete and be part of some in some way winning and losing. I know for me, that's the thing I always miss. That's why I coached AU AAU basketball in Under Armour Circuit for years because I needed to contribute to winning and losing something. I just did. I mean, golf's great and all that and I was playing it. It was fun, competitive, and you know, betting on every shot with your friends. There's nothing like putting a scoreboard up there knowing you have something to do with it, the outcome, right? And so I guys like that, it seems like they do still have that and it's a that's a tough bug to be able to fix like that itch, you know? And so I don't know. I mean, all these guys are different. Um, but he could do whatever the hell he wants, man. He's earned it. He can He's, you know, the legacy this guy has a career. He has a resume unmatched. Yeah. No, I think I I think the most likely path is probably ownership, right? Like you get into ownership and he's going to be one of those owners that have an opinion on what's happening with the team, right? But I I think that has to be like like I said, look at MJ. MJ was so disgusted with other basketball players that he said, "Hey, man. You know what? this job. I'm going to just go play myself, right? Like that's like we're just I'm just going to go I'm actually going to go out there and just do it." Right? Like that's how great these guys are that decide I'll just go play, you know? And so that's funny. I I don't I I don't know. I I think um I think definitely ownership. Uh, but as far as scratching that itch, man, that's that I think that's I think from from a lot of guys that I played with over the years and even even myself and everybody, obviously I wasn't on that level, but even guys I played with that were like all star or whatever, like what what when they finally called it quits, it it you didn't know it during the season. The season would end, however it would end, playoffs or not, whatever the season comes to an end for everybody. you you would get into the summer, take a little time, go on vacation, play some golf, whatever, relax, eat what you want, like whatever for a few weeks. And then the thought process would be in your head of the grind that's coming up for the next six, eight weeks to get yourself ready for another season. That is usually what caused guys to step away. Um, now LeBron didn't make any announcement on it. Like, you know, a lot of people will say, "Oh, LeBron's going to be one of those guys. he's got to announce it before his final year so he can get the big sendoff. Like I don't know if that's true or not. I don't know. Everybody's different. But I think that's what is going to happen for him is because you look at what this dude it's it defies logic what he looks like at this age and and and a basketball player 23 years in the league to still be that athletic. It doesn't make any sense. Unbelievable. So, but so when you think about how much he's invested into into doing that, the time commitment, the financial commitment, what you put your body through, all of the sacrifices you have to make. I that's what's going to hit him at some point. Like, man, I just don't I'm not up for it. I'm not up for it anymore. And I don't know if he's there yet. I don't know, man. I don't know if he's in the gym right now cranking it out, like getting himself ready or he's kind of enjoying his off seasonason. And if that's the case, maybe he gets to a point he's like, I don't want to go back seven days a week to get ready for this, man, for another season of this. I don't know. I I think we're all waiting on it to find out like where he's at mentally. 1,000%. Couple more questions and I'll get you out of here. I really appreciate you being so gracious time. Of course. Um first first question uh your knowledge for the game which I spoke about at the top of the show um the way you view it the way you teach it why didn't why didn't you get into like being a head coach or general manager but in particular with your knowledge of the game a head coach why didn't you get into head coach especially you know we've seen guys now going from media and you get to understand their brand and you like, "Holy man. This is a coach, you know, and and going into head coach Posh, why why didn't you uh transition into coaching with with that much knowledge that you and the way you break a game down, right? Like, it's one thing to have knowledge, it's another thing to actually be able to get someone to see it how you see it and it's at such a high level. Uh, why wasn't it coaching at this level for you? When I got out of the league, I didn't know exactly what I wanted to do. I had a very serious knee injury and I had a couple more years of of of coming uh pay coming from the Golden State Warriors. Actually, it was my last team I played for and I had reached a point I just couldn't do it anymore. My knee I was spending more time preparing my knee for practice than I was even practicing at that point and like the postpractice stuff it was just it was wearing on me. I wasn't the same. I didn't have the same lift. I was having a harder time getting open. I was wearing a brace. It was it was like it just wore me down, man. I said this isn't even fun anymore. I didn't know what I wanted to do. The first thing I did was I went back and I was like I always want to get my master's degree and I I went to Wharton. I mean I I bit off a big one, man. Yeah, exactly. So I I could have just gone to business school and I'm like no, you know what? I'm going to go to Wharton and go to the executive program at Wharton and I did that and I got through the program and I met incredible people there like I knew I would. And my plan would kind of at that time was like, man, I met some geniuses in here and these these guys are going to be very very wealthy people down the road and now let's go do something together, man. Let's go start a company or whatever. And I got this phone call from ESPN. And coaching was always on my mind, by the way, at that time. It was definitely on my mind, but I was so fresh out of the league. I kind of wanted to step away from basketball at the time. I was fried, mentally fried. And I'm like always thinking about it. And then that phone call came from a guy at ESPN. It changed my life. And they're like, "Hey man, they've seen you do some interviews. You know, they like what you had to say and the way you articulate the game. You want to come up for an audition?" And I was like, "Well, I just got out of Wharton thinking about, you know, starting a company with a couple of guys. We're talking about it. They're like, "Oh, well, you know, if you want to just come up, here's the number." I called the producer. I flew up to Bristol. I auditioned and the rest is history, man. I'm just I'm finishing my 25th season there. Um, and and and I think what what to answer your point, I started out there. I had two very young children from my first marriage. I had two young children and they were everything to me, still are. The commitment to go do that job and what that could potentially mean in in my ability to be there with them. And as I raised them, the thing I loved about broadcast, I love the job. I love talking about the game. I love being connected to the league. I love um it pays well. The schedule was the thing that was so great. I'm like, damn, man. I get to literally be basically a full-time father and still be able to do this job. So, really for me, that's what kind of kept me from pursuing it because I had I had people approach me. I still do. I mean, it's like, you know, it's because like what you said, they hear me talk and they're like, "That seems like that's a natural transition to a coach." It sounds like and I hear I hear that but and hey Jay Dre at one point my kids my kids raised them they grew up. I actually interviewed for several head division one coaching jobs about six eight years ago. I was like okay that's it. They grew up both my kids gave me their blessing. Dad you sacrificed so much for us. We know you wanted to coach. We're cool. We're good now. Go do your thing. I was just wasn't able to get the job. couldn't get find that athletic director man to pull the trigger and hire me. I was very close. I was in very close in three different job searches. I thought maybe I was going to get the call on one of those. I tell you what, it's a blessing it did happen. I thank the man above all the time because that was right before NIL and the Portal and and most college coaches I know now are like it this is a totally different landscape. This isn't even the same job that they fell in love with. It's a very very frustrating place to work. So maybe that was somebody looking out for me that I didn't get those jobs. I stayed in this role and then now here I am calling the NBA finals. It worked out by not getting the job. Um but to to that's a long answer, but the main reason was because I was I did not want to spend that much time away from my young children. I I just didn't want to. I could have the best of both worlds here by being involved in the game, teaching the game, what I love to do. And I was able to coach AAOU, which gave me that coaching bug. But I was mainly a dad and that's really kind of what what why I made that decision. And at some point, you know, it just gets to the point you're like, okay, I'm so deep in this career. You put coaching on a back burner with the exception of that one little brief period of time. I got tired of watching March Madness every year and like just wanted it so bad. I'm like, I know I can go get my own D1 program, man, and go to the tournament. I'm so damn I believe in myself so much. I was like, I'm going to win a national championship. You watch. I'm going to win a damn national championship. That's the way I used to talk. And I know how hard it is, man. So, I'm not downgrading how difficult that is to do. But at the it always got back to the same thing, man. I look at my kids and I just like, man, I this is great how much time I get to spend with you and I still get to have this job in basketball connected to the game. That's beautiful. Were they were those three jobs that you were they um jobs that or schools that ultimately you look at them now and they would have been able to compete in the NIL landscape? because some teams are falling off, you know, when once the NIL is because they can't compete with the funds. So, were there schools that you would have been able to compete at the high level due to the boosters and the money that they're bringing in now or are you looking at those schools now and like they they they haven't even been able to get the NIL money now. Couple of them, you're 100% right. No, but but one South Florida was I interviewed with South Florida and and they that's a big school, huge athletic budget. They just built a brand new football stadium. Like they they're constantly raising money. They were committed. Like they wanted to and they they've actually done incredible things in the American Conference. It's a really good basketball conference. Um you know, Houston was in there for a couple years. They did they finally left, but South Florida was was one that like they they they didn't care what it took. It's a big school, so they got wealthy alum and they were going to do whatever it took and cut the checks they had to to make sure that you could compete in that landscape. But man, I talked to so many so many of my friends or in the college coaching ranks uh that I talked to and they're just they're so fried, man. They're so fried. Here, I'm going to tell you a quick story about it. Like, think about the logic in what I'm about to say. I know guys that are top recruiters for like a mid- major program, let's say, where NIL money is not just free flowing, right? You it's it's harder for those schools. These guys go out, they find a diamond in the rough at whatever AU tour, whatever. And they're like, "That's the only damn offer that kid's going to get. We're going to give it to him." They found him, they bring him in, they give him the offer, comes in, kid can play. Cracks the rotation immediately. And you know what? The whole time that coach that found that kid is sitting there on the bench thinking, "He ain't staying. He ain't staying." Right. He he you literally he I had one coach tell me he literally got um almost to the point where he had to take like medication cuz he was so stressed out because of how well the kid was playing. Wow. That's sick. It's backwards, man. It's flipped upside down. Like this is where we're at. I'm like he told me that story and I'm like oh my god. Listen to what you're saying. Like you did your job as well as you possibly could in finding that kid and now all you're thinking is please miss that shot. I can't have you average 15. You can't average 15. Can you get it to like 11? We're cool. You average 15, you're jumping. Like this is where we're at now in the sport. So I, like I said, I I do believe genuinely that because of the advent of NIL and and the portal where you can just go play in five schools in five years if you want to. Like I I think that would have driven me crazy. Uh so I think it all worked out for a reason. I had I had my my my parents are both um looking down on me, my guardian angels, and I I think they helped with that, man, because they saw something better was coming for me down the road um in this career. And I'm I'm obviously thrilled to be where I'm at right now. And now here you are doing the NBA Finals. It's absolutely incredible. My last one, you mentioned the NBA draft. You said you'll be doing the draft this year. Um Darren Peterson, uh AJ Debonsa, Cameron Boozer, uh Caleb Wilson. You look at Darius Auff, you look at this draft and at the top it's it's probably one of the best top 10 drafts we've seen since 2003. Incredible. Uh when you look at this year's draft, you got the number one pick. Uh you're the Washington Wizards, you're the general manager. Who do you take with the number one pick? And who do you think ultimately ends up going number one this year? I think his debons would be for me and I think it will be for them. Um and and I think it's it's not it's not like clearcut because I I think Peterson's got incredible potential as an NBA scorer. He's he just got the physical profile to do things uh special at that level. Boozer is going to be a really really good player. People, you know, want to try to downplay his athleticism and does he have enough bounce and explosiveness to play in the league. And I and right every time I watched the guy play, every single fingertip he got on the ball was his on the glass. And I'm like that that's just a special quality. Um I saw a comparison recently to maybe like a Kevin Love type of player. Um and I thought that's not bad, man. Really. I I said, man, cuz Kevin Love is the same way. He got his one fingertip on the ball. It was his rebound and he had a hell of a career. I he was putting up monster numbers in Minnesota obviously before he left there. Um and and his role was different on teams going forward, but a huge part of winning a champion. Uh, so I I thought that's a pretty good comparison. Debonsa because of that explosive athletic ability because of like he also has a demeanor and an edge about him and size. I just think you can't really go wrong there. I don't think anybody's going to question that. Like if you if you take Peterson, he he'll probably get there, too. But I think if you pass on somebody that that just looks physically the way Debbansa looks and it's it looks that easy for him at that level, I just feel like that's safer. you're not going to get questioned. And right now, I mean, the Wizards obviously, they can't afford they cannot whiff on this pick. It's got to be a hit. And I think I think the consensus feels like to me the people I talk to, and I've seen film on him as I'm preparing for the draft as well, is he's the guy. Like, that's the one you're not going to be questioned. Like, don't overthink it. He's he's the real deal. Go ahead and take him. He's a little bit bigger, so he's got a little bit more versatility with on both ends really than what you're going to get over a guy like Peterson. and he's he's just more athletic than Boozer. So, for me, that makes sense. That's the right pick for for the W for the Wizards. That's beautiful. I love it, man. Cameron Boozer, I I agree with what you said 100%. And the one skill, and Joe Dumar taught me this many years ago, said, Draymond, the one skill that translate no matter what level you go to, he said, if you're a good rebounder in high school, you're going to be a good rebounder in college. If you're a good rebounder in college, you're going to be a good rebounder in the NBA. And Cameron Boozer, uh, I think the Kevin Love comparison is great. You're talk I think he walks I did, too. They usually usually a lot of times those comparisons I I always think it's a reach sometimes, man. I don't know. I don't see that. I I thought, man, that's pretty good. Whoever came up with that, like that's a good one because the same thing, you know, Kevin kind of a grounded game, you know, two feet on the floor most of the time, but man, that dude was an incredible defensive rebounder, great passer, highly skilled, super smart. Um, you know, will will will Cameron be able to extend his range out that easily as Kevin Love did? Yes, I think he's got the stroke to do that. Yeah. No, I agree. I will tell you the one guy who I think a lot of people are sleeping on. I'm I love Caleb Wilson. Caleb Wilson, he he can't he he can't really walk and chew gum right now. Like he's still clumsy and yet he's that good while still being clumsy. It reminds me not the same player, not the same profile, but it reminds me of the clumsiness and still being that great. It reminds me a little bit of Victor Wimbeyama. Victor Wimbeyama right now today is still a little bit clumsy. Like every now and then you see him fall and you're like, "How in the hell did he fall like that?" Like he's still a little clumsy. To be that good as he is right now and still be a little clumsy. I see the same thing in Caleb Wilson where he's still a little clumsy. Still doesn't know how good he really is and he's damn good right now. So that's one that I'll be watching. You know what, Dre? This is going to be one This is going to be one of those drafts, I predict, and this happens from time to time where it's almost like other teams do your work for you by who they pick. Yes. And now it falls in your lap. Yeah. And there's going to be several guys like that that five years from now that it's going to be like it couldn't have worked out better for the organization that this that they didn't have a chance to pick some of those guys and went ahead of them. this fell into their lap, you know, uh much like, you know, the year that that even picking second in Kevin Durant's year where you're like second was better just because it was it was a who is it? Is it Odin or Durant? Like who who's it going to be? There's all this conversation back and forth. So that way picking second you can't get it wrong. Yes. Because it's just it's that's what's left at it. I think there's going to be some guys like that and also it's so deep. I think you're going to have some guys I believe mid first round that again push out five years, seven years, you're going to have some dudes that are all star in this league that are going to be grabbed in the middle of the first round. I really believe that 1,000%. I definitely think it's one of the deeper drafts. Legs, I appreciate you coming on. I'm looking forward to seeing you in New York. I'm excited as hell to do game three uh and game four, but most importantly, um I wanted to say congratulations on your first finals. I'm a big fan of yours and watching you all. Appreciate that very much, man. I I'm honored you asked me to be on. I'm so glad I I could talk basketball with you all day. Um so I appreciate it. I can't wait to see you uh see you on the floor at the Garden. No doubt. I'm looking forward to it. And and your podcast, I know you do a podcast. Um can you tell me a little more about that before we get out of here? Absolutely, man. AllNBA podcast with my partner's guy named Adam MZ. He's he's based in Denver. Uh covers all Denver sports but specializes in Nuggets. Man, this dude knows the league inside and out. We're very proud of it, man. We do two episodes a week typically all season. We just did one yesterday. Uh, and it's like this. It's like this. It's not It's not, "Oh, man. Let's say something outrageous and get a bunch of clicks." It's no man, let's talk about the game we just watched, what's going to happen tomorrow, big topics around the league. It is a 100% basketball podcast for guys that are junkies that want to just get smarter, man, and just talk hoops to us. AllNBA podcast. You can find it anywhere that you find any other podcast. Just go go check it out. I think you guys are really going to love it. Well, I I'll be definitely tuning in because I'm always looking for a basketball junkie podcast. It's hard to find those these days. Everything is a gimmick and something else. So, thank you. I appreciate you coming on the show and like I said, congratulations again. Uh you are a breath of fresh air listening to you do games. So, thank you and looking forward to seeing you soon. Appreciate you. Thanks for having me, Dre. Thank you. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a fivestar rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with the new media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freinger, and Greg Holtzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtourtney, Tim Mikl, Lauren Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at the new media and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Shuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gainor, and Jake Galley.
