What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, the Warriors season has officially ended, which wraps up my 14th year in the NBA. Uh which is huge blessing in itself. Lot to process, so let's get right into it. First up, uh we will talk about the Suns game, and then we'll get into the year. Um obviously, congratulations to the Phoenix Suns uh in moving on and facing Oklahoma City Thunder in the first round of the playoffs. Defeating us in the second playing game. Let's talk about the end of that game, uh so we can move past that. So, obviously, Devin Booker and I got ejected. Uh Devin Booker um told Scott Foster that I punched him in the stomach. Which is a lie. Number one, a punch is with a closed fist. Number two, it's very obvious I was taking a foul. Scott Foster goes to review it, realizes I didn't punch him in the stomach, and he calls an away-from-the-play foul. Guy's passing the ball. So, I'm not sure how it's away from the play, but I think that's Scott Foster's way of Well, there's not really much here for me to call a flagrant foul or a technical foul, but I feel I need to do something. And so, he calls an away-from-the-play foul, which to me made absolutely no sense. However, I was standing on the sideline, and Book was shooting a free throw, and I was saying, "Yo Book, I I punched you?" And I just kept saying, "So, I punched you?" You know, and he didn't want to answer, um and so I kept asking him. And then finally, he was like, uh "Man, I said I moved on, Dray. I I I ain't on it. I said I moved on." And I asked again, "So, I punched you?" You know, and he he got a little testy and started making some comments, so I made some comments back to him. But make no mistake about it, man. Uh Book, that's my young fellow, always have been. That relationship stems back to Book being in high school. Um and ain't nothing going to change that relationship. We had that moment. What really pissed me off was we got ejected. We weren't cursing at each other anything. We were talking back and forth. And as you can see by AD prank show, I don't do well with like shut up techs. You know, like I'm going to give you a tech so you guys have to stop talking. That don't work for me. That's never going to work. And so that's what Scott was doing. He's like, I'mma give you guys one tech. And I know it it was. Again, it was one of those things of like it was one of those things of like I'mma get them a tech so they can stop. Well, that's ain't no technical foul stopping me from talking. So we end up getting ejected. Number one, like I said, that's my little bro. Scott Foster putting himself in a place where he didn't necessarily belong. Uh kicking us out with 1 minute to go is pointless. The game is over. Um our season's ended and they're moving on. And so I really just thought he did too much in the situation. Um it wasn't a situation that was getting out of hand. Um or or anything like that, you know. And so I really thought um yeah, I thought he just did way too much. And which is why once he did his ejected, you get out too. Everybody get out. It's over. It's time to go. Uh but I was um you know, I saw comment Book made where he said, you know uh something about my big brother beating me and I would get mad or something like that. Like ain't ain't no playing losing no playing game making me mad like that. Um Yeah. So I didn't quite understand uh the comment because in this situation I am the big brother and so I didn't quite get it. Needless to say, um yeah. I I I didn't quite understand the statement. Non- Nonetheless, Book called me after the game. Uh we chopped it up, and we moved on. And it is what it is. I'm not going to get into the context of our conversation that we had, but we had a conversation, and it was much needed. And like I said to him, the relationship to me means far more than anything else. Uh you know, he thought I was calling him a choice word, which I was not calling him. I was calling Dillon Brooks and Jalen Green that, uh who was behind him talking. Um but we had our conversation, and and and we moved we moved on. So, that was that, but like I said, I I it was a little disappointing to get thrown out of the game. Number one, there there just wasn't enough to be thrown out of the game. Number two, uh Dillon Brooks has said when I was on the bench, he said, um "Yo, you going to shake my hand after the game, right?" I said, "Absolutely. I'm going to shake your hand because I'm not you. I'm not a guy that lose and run to the locker room, because guys that lose and run to the locker room, they never win. Because if you don't know how to lose, you'll never learn you would you would never know how to win. Like, there's a way to lose, you know? And so, I've never been a guy that if I lose, I'm going to run to the locker room. I I don't respect guys that do that. So, I was actually looking forward to telling Dillon Brooks, like, "Yo, congratulations." Telling Jalen Green, like, "Yo, congratulations." And Scott Foster completely took that that opportunity away. Um So, that was a that that was a little uh that was a little upsetting. Um Because like I said, I think it was just unnecessary. Like, yeah, grown ass man, you ain't going to tell not to talk. That that's just never going to fly like that. So, I was looking forward to telling those guys congratulations. Didn't get the opportunity to needless to say congratulations to them. They won the play-in game. It's a big deal. So, you know, should be happy about that. That's a big momentous moment in their careers. So, you know, I think uh I didn't get the chance to tell them to their face like I wanted to, but here it is. Congratulations to those guys on winning a very big play-in game. That was huge. If you care about your energy, your skin, and aging well, listen up. Cymbiotika is a supplement that is clean, liposomal, science-backed, and actually absorbable. One staple is NAD+. It has the best orange vanilla flavor. It supports cellular energy, healthy aging, and gives your skin that radiant even tone. You just stir it into your drink. And for strength and performance, they have advanced creatine. It helps with recovery, sustained energy during high-intensity workouts, and focus. You can use these everywhere, whether you're traveling, at the gym, or just running around. Cymbiotika makes wellness effortless. Go to cymbiotika.com/draymondgreen to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's c y m b i o t i k a dot com slash draymondgreen for 20% off plus free shipping. You know, the playoff push is heating up and tournament hoops are here, right? There's nothing like the excitement of every bucket, steal, highlight play. But, you know what makes it even better? PrizePicks. Seriously, every pick, every win feels that much sweeter. People are amazed at how simple the PrizePicks app is. Just pick more or less on two to six players' stat projections. Whichever sport you pick, instantly makes watching the games way more fun. A favorite feature? Early payouts. If your player gets off to a hot start, you can cash out before the game even ends. And with stacks, you could pick the same player up to three times in a lineup. Prize Picks is available in all 50 states, the deposits are fast, withdrawals are secure, and you can play all your favorite sports. Everything from basketball to e-sports. Download the Prize Picks app today and use code Draymond to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code Draymond to get $5 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. Obviously, uh before all those things happened, Steph, uh myself, Steve shared a moment. Um in what could be our last time playing with Steve as our coach. And you know, by now you all have seen every what he said, but I'm happy uh you know, we got to share that moment and that Steve was in the moment, right? Like capturing Like he didn't miss the moment. And you know, uh it was a big deal because you know, if you ask me, I don't know that he's coming back. If, you know, if you want my opinion, just with all the talk that's been going around and all If you like all my opinion, I think not. Just because it just feels like that. I don't I don't know. It just I hope so. Um you know, I hope he's our coach next year. I also hope I'm on this team next year. We also don't know that, which we'll get into, but I don't know, man. It's just it felt like that was it. It It really felt like that was it. Is it? I don't know. Like I said, I hope not. But for some reason, it just like that was it. And man, if it was. What a run it's been. Uh so lucky to have had for 12 years Steve as my coach. Uh all the things that like like it's no mistake that the same people in the NBA win over and over and over again. It's no mistake that Steve Kerr has won the way he's won. This guy knows so much about winning. He taught me so much like little nuances and different things about winning that I've been a winner my whole life. But he taught me so many things about winning that quickly showed me like it's not a mistake. You know? And so, you know, I spoke about this before of everyone saying, "Oh man, Steve this like he doesn't do this. He doesn't do that." What he does is he just know how to win. And that's a bigger skill than any skill you can have. It's knowing how to win because ultimately what this what this boils down to in this league is wins and losses at the end of the day. You can be as nice as you want. You can be as mean as mean as you want. You can be as screwed up as you want. What it boils down to at the end of the day is how many games did you win? How many games did you lose? And Steve Kerr is a winner. And the things that he taught me about winning I'll forever be grateful. Like there's a know-how that come with winning and Steve just knows how. And he taught us to and gave us the ability to know how to do it. And so, man, um I I I hope it's not the end, but like Steve said, he said all these jobs have an expiration date. Which is a fact. you know? Which um You know, at least like so I have a player option coming up this year. Um well, the summer. And I don't know what what's going to happen, you know? Like what does that look like? Is that an opt-in and finish the contract? Is that an opt-in and get traded? Is that an opt-out and sign a longer-term deal? Like I don't know what that looks like. Um we obviously haven't had our conversations yet. I have exit interviews coming up this week. Uh which none of that stuff will get done in an exit interview, right? Like that's stuff that will play out over the next couple months, but um you know, this year this year was a little bit different for me. Like you know, even going through the to trade talks at the deadline not quite knowing um whether I'll get traded or not. Like I've never gone through that before, you know? And so that that was different. It was eye-opening, right? Like it it it it make you quickly realize like how fast your situation can change. You know, to be in a place for 14 years and it can change like that, you know? And so um that that to me was an interesting experience. Uh you know, I've heard guys through the years talk about being traded, talk about the possibility of being traded, and that just had never been my reality. And it's not your reality until it is, right? And so going into the summer like I said, I don't know. Um we'll see. Uh ultimately think I would love to finish in the place that I started, but there must be things held up on both ends of uh you know, I've always talked about relationships and how great relationships is. You give to me, I take from you. I give to you, you take from me. That's a great relationship. Uh everyone doing for each other. And so you know, ultimately it has to make sense, you know, for for the Golden State Warriors organization. And it also has to make sense for me. You know, this isn't a one-sided thing where it just makes sense for me and I just do whatever's needed. Like no, it it got to feel good on both sides. Cuz what I've learned in this job and showing up every day, if it don't feel good on both sides, at some point it's going to crash and burn. And I don't want to put myself in the position to where I'm just like, "Oh man, you know, I want to um be here so bad that you can do anything to me because ultimately on like you can do that when everything's fine and, you know, you're not in the you're not in the dog days of the season and it's fine. But all of a sudden you get to those dog days and you start thinking about that and it just don't go the same way. Like it just doesn't feel the same. You know, and so you have to kind of think with that mentality. How are you How am I going to feel about this when I don't feel like going to the gym come the next day. You know, that's the mindset you got to try to think about it in. You can't always just think about it in a perfectly same mindset, everything's great, because that's when it's easy. But when it's hard, how are you going to feel? And so, I, you know, in doing this for so long, I try to approach it with that mindset. And I'm looking forward to having all the conversations and trying to figure out what what exactly it is that um next year holds and and and the years after that. I think for myself personally, um my body felt great, you know, I I'm I'm excited about this summer cuz I feel like I can get a lot better. Like I got a few things that I want to work on that I I I still think I can build up on my game. And so, I'm excited to get back to work. I don't want to take a bunch of time off. I was talking to Travis, my trainer. Like I don't want to take a bunch of time off. I won't stop lifting uh, at all, but as far as the basketball court, I don't want to take a bunch of time off. I want to keep going. Like, I feel great. And I just want to go until I'm done, you know? And so, I think for me, that's probably another 3 years. Um, when I look at it, you know, this this season, uh, you know, uh, one big accomplishment is just being healthy all year. You know, not having an injury that sat me down for a long time. Like, that was a big deal for me, you know? And hopefully, um, you know, end up on all defense team and can get that 10th one. But, overall, uh, it was a very trying, tough season, you know? You come in to the season thinking it's going to be one way, thinking you're going to play, uh, with a certain team, and then it doesn't go that way, and then trades and all these things. Like, it wasn't this easy as year. However, loved the team, uh, loved my teammates. Like, we had a very good group. So, going to work every day was fun. It was just very unpredictable. Like, you didn't know from day to day who was going to be playing. And I've never been in a situation like that, where you don't know day to day who's going to be in the starting lineup with you. And that was something that we faced this year. And so, um, obviously got to go back to the drawing board and see what's best. Uh, you got Jimmy who will probably be out for a considerable amount of next year. You got Moses who will probably be out for a good amount next year. Um, so, man, uh, we got to figure it out. But, overall, like I said, just leaving the season healthy, um, you know, having a pretty good year, you know, uh, can can go to sleep at night knowing and appreciating those things. But, ultimately, also knowing that Joe Lacob hates losing. He's going to make decisions to try to change that. Will that be in my favor or not? I don't know. We'll see. But, like I said before, if this was it, it's been a hell of a run. All right. Now that it's finally spring, I've been outside a lot more. Walking everywhere, making plans, even squeezing in a few weekend trips. And every year around this time, I realize my closet just isn't keeping up. I want stuff that looks good, but can actually move with me. And refreshing your wardrobe every season can get expensive fast. That's honestly why I started looking for a better option and ended up signing up for Fabletics as a VIP. And it completely changed how I shop. When I signed up, I got 70 to 80% off everything, which made it so easy to try a few new pieces without overthinking it. And the quality really surprised me. Everything feels soft, breathable, and actually holds up. Lately, I've been reaching for this lightweight matching set. I wore it on a long walk and then straight to brunch, and it just works for everything. Shop now at fabletics.com/draymond and get 70 to 80% off everything when you sign up as a new VIP. Take a quick style quiz and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock your 70 to 80% off. This is a limited-time offer, so don't wait. Again, that's fabletics.com/draymond for 70 to 80% off everything as a new VIP. And just looking back, uh obviously, you know, this is now the it's been a season and a half with Jimmy Butler being here. And when we signed Jimmy, I think, you know, for most people, that felt like and and obviously us, it felt like, all right, this is the last chance, but you essentially got a three-year run to to try to compete for a championship. And when we came into this season this year, we felt great about great about it. Um and just like what we could put together. Maybe we need to make a move uh to to shore it all up, but you know, feel like, you know, you get to to top six healthy, and we got a chance against anyone. And you know, with Jimmy getting hurt, it's really thrown a monkey wrench into things because now it's like, okay, what is the run, right? Like what is the timetable on things? Like you know, Jimmy come back. Let's say if we just go for the sake of a year, right? So, Jimmy gets hurt in January. So, let's just go 12 months from Danny got surgery. 6 weeks after. So, let's go 12 months from when Jimmy got surgery. That puts us in late February, March, in March. Well, if he gets back in February, March, then it's it's, you know, it's ramp up, right? Getting back comfortable, getting over the fear of somebody running into you. All of those things got to play out. So, you just start looking at it and and it's like I look at it through the same lens you all look at it through. You start to look at it and it's like, man, how does it work out, you know? Like how does it how does it ultimately play out for us? And that's where I think things are just so uncertain, right? Like I think that's what puts so much uncertainty into all of it. If we have a healthy team this year, then you look at even Steve. Then you know, like, all right, that's the best coach to help this team win a championship, of course, right? Like and then you just there's so many uncertainties. Uh to where we had this 3-year window and now I don't know. Like I don't know, man. It's it's one of it's one of the more unpredictable ones. And yet it's still, you know, the one thing I do understand is like championships don't just grow on trees. Like you can't just if it was that easy, everyone would do it. Like just building a championship team like cuz you want to. Like it's such an inexact science and so many things need to go right. And so, I think often times a lot of these organizations start making decisions based on we didn't win a championship this year. And that's just not a realistic feat. You know, so you start firing coaches, you start doing this, you get rid of players that possibly could help you at some point if you are able to reach that because you're you everything's just up against this window and you don't really get time to see things play out. And like I said, we've never been in this position, but feels like we're going to be in a position where you don't necessarily get the time to see things play out, you know, and it's interesting uh when you see it around the league so often, but when it's at your front doorstep, changes a little bit. So, um what happens with the three-year run now? Who knows, but it's um we shall see. I don't know. I mean, I've I've never been so uncertain since early in my career on what happens next, but I'm truly at a loss now because you just don't know what direction will be what. Um So, needless to say, just got to stay ready for whatever it is and you know, roll with the punches. There's also the question of like is the organization at a whole still at a championship level? And you know, when you're winning championships, sometimes that can change, right? Because success changes things. That's with anything in any business and any organization. Success changes things. I still personally think that our organization is the best organization in the NBA. Uh I believe that. I think I think that's across the board, ownership, front office, coach staff, I still think it's the best organization in the NBA. But you're not at a championship level unless you're winning championships. The one thing I will say about us is we know how to do things at a championship level. And so that's always going to be the standard. You know, when you're with an ownership, you know, you have an ownership group like a Joe Lacob, you know, like a Peter Guber, the goal is always going to be operating at a championship level. So I don't think that necessarily changes. However, um you got to do it, you know, and and but there's so many things that goes into that. You know, it's not just And and and here's the thing also, I think so often times you see um so often times you see people making these quick decisions in basketball unlike any other organizations and when you do that, you're not a championship level organization. I think that's one of the best things that the Warriors have done over the course of our tenure is there has not been much change. You just cannot reach championship level with no continuity. There must be continuity. And so I think that's been one of our superpowers, if you will, is having that continuity. Um but you know, um when you're not winning, you're always going to look at what is that thing to change. And you know the reality is, sometimes things just don't fall in your favor. You know, like we've had a little bout of bad luck. You know, that does not mean the champ that the organization isn't operating at a championship level, but there's just so many things that has to go right. And lately we haven't caught that break. You know, does that mean you change everything? I don't know that that's necessarily going to be that beneficial, but we just haven't we just haven't really caught the breaks that you need to catch. The breaks were falling in our place before. Then they haven't quite been falling in our place yet as of late. So, overall, um still the best organization in the NBA uh and we'll continue to operate at that level, but you know, we have not won, so you there's going to be some things that change. I I just when I'm going to rush like rosters change every year. Uh so, but you know, we are tasked with some with some tough tough decisions. Um those are above my pay grade. So, you know, I can only do what I can and be who I am, but you know, I think there are going to be some tough calls that has to be made and that's the part of business that sucks. The part of business we all hate, but comes with the territory and I think we've been blessed to not have those types of things happening over the last 14 years of my career. So, we'll see where it goes, but you know, I I do know that they'll always do stuff from a winning standpoint in this organization. This show is sponsored by Liquid I.V. I am very particular with what I put in my body. As someone who lives an active life on and off the basketball court. Whether I'm running around with my kids, working out, or just having another busy day, I've got to keep up and that's where Liquid I.V. comes in. It's clinically demonstrated to hydrate faster than water alone, which honestly makes a difference when you're on the go. You can toss a few packets in your bag, carry-on, gym bag, even your car because it's so easy. Tear, pour, done. Just one stick and 16 oz of water hydrates faster than water alone with an optimized blend of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients. It actually helps keep you hydrated longer, up to 4 hours. And I love the flavors. Lemon lime and Popsicle Firecracker are so popular for good reason. Stay hydrated for every adventure. Get on-the-go hydration from Liquid I.V. Tear, pour, live more. Go to liquidiv.com and get 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at checkout. That's 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at liquidiv.com. Uh so, that's a wrap. Um you know, I I'm excited to watch these playoffs. Uh be giving you guys some in-depth breakdowns on on on on the show. Uh we'll be back Thursday to give you all a look at the first round. Uh what has happened, why it's happened that way, some adjustments that need to be made and can be made. And we'll have fun that way. And we'll stay around the game that way. But, it's been an incredible year. I appreciate you all for sticking with me, uh rocking with rocking with us this year, uh rocking with the Draymond Green Show this year. It's not over as we'll be breaking down the playoffs, but that is a wrap. From year 14, I want to thank you all again for tuning in to the show. Make sure you check out the playoff content as it comes, and I'll talk to y'all later. Till next time, that's a wrap. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Hotzman. Video production and creative design by Curt Courtney, Tim Miko, Laura Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Shuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
