So, Ja Morant gets drafted number one instead of Zion and you're probably still a New Orleans Pelican I I think yep, I'm probably probably still in New Orleans. And I said I said who the hell they going to trade me for? Luka? Like Like I was just saying like who else can you trade me for on that team? And I never talked about this by the way. You you getting the first exclusive. I've never spoken to anybody about this. What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show very special episode number one pick in the draft in a very special draft and our rookie year I think my school played his school and he owed me $500. And he owed me $500 for like 7 years. And when I was a rookie unlike him, I really needed that $500. But I couldn't necessarily show it. So, he still paid me my $500, but I kind of didn't need the $500 anymore. But that was like could have went towards my rent when we were rookies. Uh nonetheless you all know I haven't had many guests on this season. So, you know, I really want to have special guests on, special people. And it makes for great episodes when you can talk in the same realm, talk in the same lane. I think it makes for great episodes. This guest is a no-brainer. He's an NBA champion, top 75 player of all time, the number one pick of the most special draft in NBA history, 2012, none other than AD. What's up my brother? What's up Draymond? How you doing, man? Man, nah, nothing much, bro. I appreciate you coming on the show. And speaking of shows, by the time you all see this um it'll it'll be out, but you know, uh today's April 6th as we record this and it's a very special day. Uh Foul Play with Anthony Davis That's right. is coming out and the first prank on the show Like how did why me? Why me? So why why me? First I want to say I love you, Dray. And I appreciate you cuz I know cuz I know there was tension between us and it still is and and and I know how you feel. And I know you didn't you weren't watching. We were sending it to you like, "Dray, watch this. How you like it?" I'm not watching this I'm watching it. I appreciate you. Um but man, it's like, you know, even when we were was casting, right? And and I went to I can say who it is who who who's my accomplice, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. Right, right. So when I went to Bron and it was like, "Yo, let's get Bron and Rich actually." They were like, "Let's let's get Dray." I'm like, "Oh man, that'd be great." But then I started thinking like, "Man, Dray is already like perceived as this villain, you know, and then putting him here cuz I know how he's going to react, but it'll make for a hell of a prank. It would make the show great." And now we trying to sort and order like who who's going to be first is going to what's going to be the first episode. And he was like, "Oh look, you got Rich on there. You have Bron on there. And you got Draymond." And to me it was the most authentic all of them like the authenticity authenticity of all of them was great, but like people know what to expect, right? Like, "Oh you see you get Draymond hitting it. Oh yeah, it's going to be comedy." And so the entire time when I'm back there, you know, in the studio and in the green room I'm watching and I'm like, "Man, this this has to be the this has to be the first episode. You know, this this has to this has to kick it off because we coming in with a banger." And they haven't they they haven't seen it yet, but the the reactions you had I just actually watched it a little bit before, but the reactions you had, man, was like so funny and so top tier and it's so you, you know, and it was no other way to start the start the season by by having you, you know, uh you know, hitting off, bro. So I want to say I appreciate you, bro. I I I know Here's what I'll say. Here's what I'll say. Um Number one, congratulations. I don't think people understand and realize how hard it is to get a show to network. Yeah. Um that that in itself, it's impossible to get a show to network. And for you to come up with an idea, sit through the idea with Danny Barton and the the team at Clutch and UTA, sit through the idea, find a producer, find a director, cast all the people, and then not only do that, which most people in the space do, but then you had to go with your relationships, get people that want to prank someone, spend the time Yeah. Um shooting filming the show. When I saw you this summer, you had just had eye surgery. Yeah. No one knew you you had eye surgery and you like, man, I can't even take these glasses I had eye surgery, you know, and and to continue filming months on end, I don't think anyone understands the work that goes into that. So, first off, I just want to say congratulations. Appreciate you, bro. Appreciate you. It's funny, too, that you say that, Dre, because a lot of people like, you know, you see how we posting all the promo stuff and you see people on social media, like, this is what he was doing when he was hurt. They they they think I just filmed this now. Yeah. Like, no, I didn't hurt my injure my hand and then come out, you know what, I'm going to go film a TV show. No idiot. What I did, it was in the summertime, last summer, um but it was like the the eye thing was real and then I didn't then at that time I was like, man, I can't even cuz you know, you we got all the lighting, the bright lights, and I'm like, man, I don't my eye I sensitive, I can't do it, so now as you guys as you guys will see a lot of the every episode I got glasses on so as to kind of help that. But, man, it's definitely time-consuming and I don't think you know, they picked up a show in I want to say maybe like 3 years, you know. So, you know, I'm definitely grateful to be able to have the team that I have like, you know, I said Danny Barton and everybody at Clutch and UTA to kind of help me along with doing this show and it all came from just watching Impractical Jokers and just like I would love that show. It's It's so funny to me and I actually was a guest on their show one time a couple summers ago and they asked me like, you know, you ever thought about doing your own show? And I was like, hell yeah. And then it kind of came into fruition and putting everything together. So, um man, it's going to be fun. I can't wait for everybody to see it tonight for sure. Uh it's super dope. Have you always been into pranks like or did Impractical Jokes you get but like have you ever pranked teammates or different things of that nature? Yeah, man. I've always been like a little prankster. But, it kind of like heightened when COVID hit. Cuz that's when you have all I don't know when we had all the time. Like we basketball season was canceled. Um and well, it wasn't canceled but we had a we had a gap, you know. And I was like, I don't know what to do. And so, I was like, you know, on social media scrolling I used to follow this guy named Chris. He was from Chicago and he was like pranking everybody and I was like just getting ideas from that. Like, man, I'm going to do this. I want to do this. See how it goes. And end up pranking my chef. And that kind of like kicked it off like big time. Um I'll see the video like off line cuz it was it was hilarious. We kind of I ordered this 6-foot teddy bear and cut the back open and took like some stuffing out. And I put my wife in it and she's in the back seat of the car. And I'm like, yo, you know, we going to ride around the car, this called Beats Cuisine, you know, with the Beats headphones." And you know, they we going around, you know, me, Bron, like all these guys who are chefs, you know, they Beats want us to do this thing and kind of you know, they going to air it later on in the summer. He like, "All right, cool." So, I'm asking him questions and as we're driving, I I'm nudging my wife in the back seat and she's like touching his shoulder, you know what I'm saying, moving. He like, "Nigga, the bear moving." Like, "Hell no." Like, he's tripping out and I'm like, I can't hold it and which is why in the in the show I'm behind the camera a lot because if I'm in front of it, I'm just going to laugh and I'm going to give it away. So, I'm in full tears crying and I'm like, "Man, you tripping." And he like spasming out and he don't know what to do. He freaking out. So, that's where it kind of kicked off from. And then at that point, I just started doing more and more pranks and um obviously I was viral for the prank that happened uh year years back when I was in New Orleans where I act like that cut the unibrow out and stuff like that. So, um now I just love I just love laughing, you know, I love um making people laugh and uh you know, this kind of fell into that realm of of doing what I love to do. And I think this is a great segue. I want to talk a bunch of basketball, but you you dated this back to COVID and I want to talk uh which is very special year for you um probably aspect more special or as special as any year uh that you've ever been a part of, you go on to win a championship. Yep. Um what was that experience like, you know, going going to the bubble, you got you you going to the bubble, but you you win a championship. So, you get the the thing that you want ultimately, right? Like we we all want that championship. That's what we're all striving for. That's ultimately why when left New Orleans go to Los Angeles for a chance to compete for a championship. And you feel the the the best thing you ever felt, but then you also don't get to kind of celebrate it the way you've always watched someone celebrate a championship or how you envision. Talk to me about the emotions of actually doing it, but then not quite getting the proper celebration and where leaves you as far as championships go today. Yeah, man. I talk about this a lot. Um I was actually just talking about this 2 days ago, too. Um right before we played uh Brooklyn. Um and that was the whole reason. That was the whole goal, you know, leaving the Warriors. I wanted to compete uh for championships. Leave New Orleans, get to LA, and by far the best team that I've been on, you know, since then. Um at that time. And as we're playing, you know, the start of the season, we kicking ass. We like number one in the West. Um and then COVID happens and we stop. Go to the bubble. We don't know to expect, right? I don't know what's going to happen, you know, how the game's going to go cuz we had way more games left than what we actually played in the bubble. Um but they kind of just, you know, cut it down. So, we're playing and, you know, go through the whole run and uh you know, we win and at that moment, I feel like I have accomplished everything. Right? I accomplished it. Why did I come to LA? To win a championship. My first year, I get it done. Right? I'm in the corner sitting on the on the on the little bench thing, whatever the the the the the thing is in front of the bench. I'm crying. Um and I'm just sitting there just soaking it all in like, damn, this this really happened. Like, I'm really an NBA champion. Um you know, you get the the the confetti and you got the champagne in the locker room. Like my dad's back there. He enjoyed like it's a it's a great time. My family's there, my wife is there, my daughter like it's it's beautiful. You go back back home, I go back to LA, I got the trophy with me. I'm like, yeah, but I we knew that we wasn't having a parade. Right? And that's the one thing that I missed the most. Like you we couldn't get the full experience of winning a championship when you get the parade, the fans come out, you know, you on the stage and you get to say a speech, like you're drunk, you're having fun, like whatever it is. And to this day I think about that. Right? Like man, did I really did I really win a championship? And you hear the noise, which to me is is probably the hardest championship to ever to ever, you know, accomplish. Um but for me I also feel like I like I I know I'm a champion, but I don't really I want the real experience. Right? So with this loss like I want to compete so bad. I want to compete for a championship so bad cuz I want I want to go on the road. I want to go into, you know, a uh now I'm Eastern now Western Conference team, you know, arena and got to win on the road. You know, I got I I want I want that. I remember the playoff times in New Orleans and after COVID the playoff environments in in LA where you know, I mean we played y'all in New Orleans and it's it's all red in there and the crowd is loud and they cheering for you and everything like that. So like I want that. And I've never had a chance to experience that in a final situation. Right? And for me you know, it's like man, did I win? Did I not win? Like I know I'm listed as a champion, but it's like I'm not sure. So it motivates me more now to like, you know, what? I got to I got to have that opportunity again. Win, lose, or draw, like to be in that experience in that environment again, like that's the thing I want most, you know, um before it's all said and done. So, um it was a great experience. I Look, I I I got the replica trophy. I got the ring, like I got the pictures. I got the jersey I had, like the goggles, everything. I'm still a champion, for sure, but I mean, to be able to do it in, you know, the old-fashioned way is is something that I that I definitely miss and think about a lot. You know, I I hear I hear y'all say all the time it was the hardest championship to win. And I Here's what what I think when I hear that. I think to myself a couple things. One is I didn't play in the bubble, so I don't even know what it feels like to to like I I never touched graced the bubble. So, I don't even know what that's like. Sounds like prison to me, but I don't know. So, I don't I don't know, but my One thing that I think is like, man, it must be really tough to like be in that bubble and not have people in the because everybody who's gone through it and won this that championship say that it's the hardest championship you could have won. Now, on the flip side of someone who didn't win it, a part of me want to think like they say that because They didn't win it. They What Not they didn't win it, but almost they feel like they have to validate the championship. Now, here's what I will say. When people try to um say like, "Yo, they need that like that ain't no valid championship." When when when y'all say that, I I have to take it with a grain of salt because I feel like there's no need to validate the championship. Like an NBA champion, we played the game against the NBA players in a basketball court that's 94 ft by 50, and it had two goals, and we're basketball players. Yeah. Yeah. If if if if we were if we were out in the middle of the streets playing this game by the way, we still want to win because we're going to play basketball in any situation or Exactly. um conditions we need to play in. So, I never felt um like yo, this championship needs to be validated. That's to me. Um however, I do know that going on the road and winning in an NBA Finals. Like I had the chance I won on the road twice. Um we won at home against Cleveland once. We beat Boston on the road maybe twice. There's no better feeling than like going on the road and like silencing that crowd and expect So, I actually want that experience for you because that's a different like that's a different experience. But, here's what I say when I hear people say that is like you said it like yo, it was so hard to do that. Choose your hard because just because going on the road and winning is hard doesn't mean sitting in the same place in this kind of weak hotel for 3 and 1/2 months wasn't hard. You know what I'm saying? It's But but choose your hard, right? And so, hard is hard and that thing that I had to do over here was hard to me. It was hard. This thing you had to do over here was hard to you. It was hard. Who am I to tell you what your hard is? Like damn, that wasn't that wasn't that hard. Like no, and I think the only people that actually ultimately end up doing that aren't champions. Mhm. For sure. Because no champion is never trying to invalidate a champion. Yeah, and and I think a lot of times too like a lot of people who say that, it funny it's funny to me because if whether it's a fan or a player or a coach or executive, like whoever it is, agent, if your team won that championship, it you would have a different perspective. You would Oh man, I'm a champion. Oh yeah, my guys won. So to me it's like, yeah. And if you think about we're the best team in the league at the time. That's a fact. Like we're the number one team in the league, so it's like y'all saying something where it's like, oh we were the seventh seed and we go in and then we ultimately won. Like we were the number one team in the NBA at the time as well when the league stopped. And everybody had us winning a championship. So Mhm. you know, you you can't say, well, oh the Lakers, oh it's not it's not real or you know, it was the bubble championship. They didn't have like Yeah, you think we come from playing in in front of fans our entire lives and then all of a sudden this crowd noise is implemented in through speakers. You know, you got the fans on big ass screens around the arena. You know, our our families not there. Then you got some fans that's all the at the top that's limited. Like they got court side seats, but they six feet apart and this chair like it's all different, you know what I'm saying? So like everything is different, you know, outside of outside of the the games itself. You know, you're now in a hotel room that's way smaller than what you're probably get on you know, on the road, you know, when you're in the league. Um the food is is okay. You know what I'm saying? It's not it's not great. Mhm. It's nowhere to go. They're trying to create things for you to do. Uh your family's not there, you know, so it's like we are also like you said, choose your hard. Like we we went through a lot of we went through a lot of things too, you know what I'm saying? But like you said, said end of the day we had to line them up just like everybody else and lace our shoes up and go to war. And I feel like when people say this say this is like yeah, but if your team won or your favorite player won it'll be different like no, oh, y'all be saying everything that we're saying. 1,000%. You'll be saying everything we're saying and and I think I just think that's the most hilarious thing about the entire situation like you know, one y'all say that you know, it's not validated. But we're already favorites to win and the best team in the league and then two, if it was reversed when your when your if your team would have won it would be it would be totally different. You know, and and like I said, it's tough to win it's it's it's tough to win a championship regardless. You know, like because all these guys they they yeah, it's the NBA. It's hard to win a game, man. Like what are you talking about? It's it's hard as hell to win. You know, and I've been there and I have not been back to the finals. Like I got close, but like even when we went to the Western Conference Finals in 2023 it was such a uphill battle trying to play from the play-in. You know what I'm saying? Like all right, it was tough to get we we literally used all our energy against y'all. Yeah. And then we get smacked by Denver. It's like it's bro, it's so tough. It's so tough and you need a little bit of luck, right? To win. You need to go your way and that year was just like our year, bro. Just like you know, 2021 was Milwaukee's year and like it is what it is, but I I think um it's it's I I hate when people say that It it it bothers me. You know, it's like what are you talking about? I agree. I agree. Like I said, you can't you can't invalidate a champ. I hate when people like oh man, well he didn't do this or he didn't do that when they won a championship or he No, no, no. Let me help you understand it. It's a champion. And that's where the conversation start, and that's where the conversation ends. Exactly, bro. Exactly. And I want to go back to a time before you leave New Orleans, um you switch agencies. You ultimately end up signing with Clutch Sports Group, uh like I'm with as well. Yeah. And and within the process of you leaving New Orleans and going to Los Angeles, we'll say. You were fined Yeah. at a point through that process. What was it like switching agents, um essentially putting the trust of your future in the hands of a new person, that being Rich Paul. Um and then getting fined money on trying to make happen. Like, what was that process like with you and Rich and, you know, then you got the noise coming out of people like, "Oh, man, look, he signed with Rich and now he's losing He's costing him money." What was that whole process like? Uh what y'all going through that? Yeah, man. And when I'm done, man, I'mma really tell like the truth about everything, man, but uh it was it was crazy. Like, that was my first time ever essentially being a villain in anything. Right? Cuz remember, I came on the scene late, you know, junior high school. Like, so everyone was like, "We don't really know this guy, whatever, whatever." You know, through college, you know, I won. It was like, "Oh, AD." Everybody loved him. You know, go to the Olympic team, like the best teammate, best rookie, and I'm having a great time. New Orleans is "Oh, this kid." You know, so that was the first time like where my life was like, "Yo, he's a villain, and people really don't like me." Um but at the time like with the agency I was with, um I didn't feel like I was uh getting the things that I deserved. All right? And for for exactly like at that point in my career what I was doing. And I was like it needs to it's time to make a switch and I end up, you know, meeting with a couple agencies and and by the way, I I you know, I knew Rich way before. I knew Rich, you know, way before I even you know, signed with him with Clutch and uh 2018 is when I signed with him and, you know, fired my other agency and um I think the the trajectory of of my career on and off the floor like it skyrocketed, you know, um and but it was tough because we, you know, winning is like you know, I I I want to win. You know, and I think the turning point was when I didn't make uh uh all-star starter when I definitely should have. And it was cuz the team, you know, was losing. It was it was bad and it was like no, I can't I can't do this anymore. Like I'm trying to I I want to win. At that point because, you know, when you first come in the league it's like, "Hey, look, I'm getting my money. I just want to get bread. I just want to get paid, you know." And then at some point it switches like, "Oh, I'm trying to win." And by that time it was year seven and I was like, "I I want to win. I've been to the playoffs twice, you know, and had to run into this this this super team uh you know, with uh had to run into the super team drafted to the same place. The first time. Uh and and we can talk about that cuz I I still have thoughts about that like like man, I ain't going to lie, I thought we could have beat y'all uh in in in '17 when we had DeMarcus before DeMarcus got hurt. I'm like, we had DeMarcus bro, I just feel like we would have gave them a run for their money. Um but, you know, We would have loved to see that. We would have beat y'all 4-1, but it would have been fun. Y'all did beat us 4-1 all right. It would have been a We ended up getting one in New Orleans. Yeah, before you guys, that is true. Yeah, we ended up getting one in New Orleans, yeah. Um but um I just feel like at that time I want to win and you know, I've been to the playoffs twice in New Orleans and I was like, all you know, go to the arena and I'll see the crowd and I'm like, man, this is what it's about. And at that time I don't think we were just in a a line. We weren't, you know, in the in the in the same ballpark when it came to like trying to win. And that's all I ever wanted to do. Like, whatever y'all need me to do, like let's just do it. Um and we tried to get it done. Um you know, without it being any noise. Like, look, I want out. And you know, at the time the GM was Dell Demps and we were having discussions and uh it just wasn't getting done. And so then, you know, Rich being Rich, like, okay, well, now we got to be loud about it. And that's when I end up doing a media interview uh after practice and told them like, I I want to be traded and you know, then it kind of just blew up from there. And then I think uh that was around All-Star. And after I said that, maybe like a week later, I think Dale gets fired. I'm like, this doesn't even make sense. Like, but I'm the By this time I was already the villain. But now I'm the problem. The GM gets fired a week later after I asked for a trade, but I'm the problem. All right? Um so then come back and they said they weren't even going to trade me. Uh well, they couldn't find a deal or whatever. Um and I go back and and look, me, I'm still like, look, I'm a At the time I'm like, I'm still a Pelican so I'm not. Like, I'm going to still come in, be a professional, I'm going to work. I played. We played Minnesota right after the break. Played Minnesota right after the break and I had like 35, you know, going into the fourth and I got benched in the fourth quarter. And you like, the fans the fans was obviously booing me when I first came out. And then they like, "Put him in the game. We trying to win." And I got benched. And that's when they brought in Danny Ferry and we had a conversation like, you know, "We going to play you, you know, after that game. Like we going to play you like 8 15 to 20 minutes a game." And I'm like, "What?" I'm like, "No, I'm not doing that." Because now, and you know as a basketball player, somebody tell you playing 15 minutes, bro, you're you're bound to get hurt. You bound to get hurt cuz you going to And and you spending seven of those 15 minutes getting loose. Exactly. So I'm like, "I can't do that." You know, and he came in, you know, talked to, you know, Drew as well and hit all the young guys and, you know, told them they were going to play them. And so um ended up finishing the rest of the season, ended up getting traded in the summertime, but um at that point Rich had to come out and and say some stuff too. And end up we end up getting fined. And it's like that's that's the toughest part about the business is that when and we speak on this all the time when a team is tired of a player, they can trade him with no consequence. Mhm. Right? But once a player is like, "I want to do what's best for me." And cuz I want to compete for championships and win it's not even about the money. Like New Orleans offered me a crazy deal at the time. Like it's like it's not even about the money. Like I I genuinely want to win. And so now because I want to win, I'm considered a villain to this team and to this fan base. You know? And to this day I go back and they still boo me. Right? And it's like why they still losing. You don't boo the best player for in your franchise history. You appreciate them. I'mma tell I'mma tell you what got me though, Drew. I'mma tell you what got me though. And you say that, best player in franchise history like points, rebounds, block, like all this You know what's crazy? When I went back, I did not get a tribute. And that was That was a final straw Get the out of here. Never got a tribute. I didn't get a tribute going back to New Orleans. WHAT? NO. NO. NO. WHICH PISSED me off while the first game back. I think I had like 42 or 44. 43, something like that. I was hot. No tribute? No tribute. I got no tribute. true. So, somebody Hey, hey internet folks out there. Somebody put a video of AD's game, first game back in New Orleans. There's no way you didn't get a tribute. Never got a tribute. Never got a tribute. Nope. Didn't get a tribute. And that So, like, you know how it always goes like, you know, oh, you get drafted to a team and then when you're done, it's like, damn, towards the end of career, I might want to go back and like, I've always had that mindset like, and I told Ms. Benson, I told Ms. Benson when the trade, when I was going to her, well, right before the deadline, I asked for a trade. I told her, "Look, Ms. B, I want to get out of here, you know, these are the reasons, whatever." Ms. B was cool like, we Me and Ms. B still cool to this day. And and I told her, and I was like, this might not be the end, though. Like, you know, later on my career, who who knows if I was to come back and we try to do something special as I'm older and a little mature, the game develop, you know, win a couple of championships, come back, whatever. I I don't know, you know, I left that door open. And when I went back that first game and got no tribute, I said, "Oh, that door is closed. I can't That door is closed. I It's no way possible. It's no way possible, bro. And it's like, you know, that last 3 months, 2 months of the season, like, it was rough, like, you know, I was like, I wore a shirt and that's all that like, I wore a shirt and all like, I I get it, you know, they had a storm, you know, I saw this video where they had a the a hurricane and everybody cleared out the the the grocery store and they were just like, my my Ruffles were still in there, the only ones in there is like, I seen I seen all that, you know, but it's like, none None bothered me. It's like, whatever. I understand like, it was a bad Like, I get it. You know, you're going to feel a way. The fans, like, I get it. Whatever. Like, your best player is leaving. Like, nobody wants that. You know, uh but at the time when I was there, too, it was we can't never get AD help. Like, who is these guys we're signing? So, it's like you can't have your your your cake and eat it, too. You can't say like, we're not giving him help, but then when he decides to leave, you're mad cuz he's leaving cuz he wants to go to win. And I always thought I was going to go back. And when I when I walked in that arena, and it's emotional man, it's emotional. You haven't experienced it, obviously, but like it's emotional as Like going back, I was just here 7 years. I come out, and it's boo! And I'm I'm talking about like, loud all boos. And so, I'm sitting on the bench and I'm sitting there and they're calling everybody and I look up Anthony Davis. And I'm like oh, Ain't nothing on the screen. Go out, and I said, oh, yeah, okay. Watch this. I was so pissed. I was so pissed, Dre. Like, not one It wasn't a It It wasn't even a graphic that said, thank you. It was nothing. It was nothing, bro. And I was like, yeah, that's that's that's up. You know what I'm saying? And you were what, five-time All-Star there? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't They may not New Orleans may not have five All-Star appearances combined around you. I'm not saying CP was there, but you get my point. Yeah, no, for sure. Like, come on, man. They don't My point is, there's been some dogs there. Not not not to discredit Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. But, you get my point. That's a bad organization, though. That organization does not have the history to not celebrate a five-time Yeah, it was it was bad, bro. It was bad. Like You don't just get five years you know, first round, guess what? Bye, y'all, second time we go second round, you know, get a win and it was like I don't know, that that hurt the most. That hurt the most. It was like, damn, y'all not even like y'all taking these last two months and and and making it seem like this was the entire seven years. And then you had some of the announcers and, you know, reporters, all this stuff saying this stuff like, oh, well, they rolled out the red carpet for AD. And they No, they did not. No, they did not. What they do? No, they did not. They didn't do anything. Like they tried to offer me the max contract, but at that point I was like, man, it's not about the money. I'm trying to win. You know, and then they max you wherever you go. Yeah, and so it was like, you know, they brought David Griffin in after and me and him had a conversation that didn't last very, you know, long and I told him what I wanted, you know, and he said he couldn't do it. And so I was like, all right, this is is it, you know, and at that time, like for me, um like I said, Zion's a phenomenal player. Like when he's when he's on the floor, bro, he he's unbelievable. Um but I know what we just lost, right? We had Rondo and DeMarcus, right? Rondo goes to LA, Bug come to y'all, and we get Julius and Elfrid Payton, right? And I go and Julius wasn't even like Julius at the time He wasn't this Julius. He wasn't this Julius. He was still being Yeah. And I was like, look, I know how Drew operates with a point guard next to him. We just seen it, you know, with Rondo. Like Drew basically beat Portland, but he shut down Dame and and CJ, right? Mhm. And I was like I told David Griffin, I said, listen, if you can get Ja Morant at one, then we we got a real conversation going on because I know how it's going to help our team with Drew. Right, if Drew got to handle the ball, like Drew's so he loves to get people involved, but like Drew, we go score. We got somebody else who can do that now, who can play make. When we give you the ball, we need you to go be Drew, and that's when he's at his best. You know, um and he was like, he can't, he got he got to take Zion, and I just didn't see at the time where like me and Zion will work. Like we playing the same position, like at this time I was only playing a four, I was never the five. I never played the five, and so it was like, well, is Zion going to play the three? You know, but at the time we had Solomon Hill. Dante Cunningham, so it was like, then you got Drew at the two, and we just brought in Julius. So it's like, well, are you going to bench Julius? Like who's who's getting benched? Right? You're not going to bench your number one pick. So at the time I just Yeah, so at the time I just like Unless you got 35 going into the fourth, but that's a whole another conversation. That is it. That's it. Unless you got 35 going into the fourth, like we got to bench him. It's like, that's still that's still crazy. And so I was like um I just didn't see how how to fit at the time, and um you know, ultimately it worked out like for me, you know, when the chip and but I was like you know, I I wanted to I wanted to always be the guy that sticks with the franchise for his entire career. Like I don't want to like this last year being the last This is crazy. I used to crazy, and I know we'll get into it or whatever, but it's like like I always thought I was going to finish in New Orleans. Like start in New Orleans, finish in New Orleans, and never go anywhere, and when we just didn't align on on our goals as far as winning, um it just took a bad turn, but we had to do some things, like had to get loud in the media, and I had to go out and be a villain, and you know, Rich had to say what he had to say in order, you know, for it to get done. Um and I think now people are starting to like see and understand a little bit. But They didn't see it at the time, you know, which is what this is 7 7 years ago. So Um I mean it is what it is, man. I They still ain't got it right. Yeah. 7 years later. Still ain't They're in the worst position they was when you left. 7 years later. I left. So it was like Man, you know, I just It's tough cuz I I I met like all my friends to this day, you know, that are like from New Orleans. Like my chef, my stylist, you know what I'm saying? Like Everybody that I knew, you know, I only knew New Orleans. Only knew in New Orleans, bro. Like New Orleans was me. Like coming in 19 and then all the way to 24 25, I'm like Like all I know is New Orleans. You know what I'm saying? And and that shifts quick, you know, and when when I had to I had to It was tough though because When Rich was telling me Like you got to go to the media. And I've never talked about this, by the way. You you getting the first exclusive. I've never spoken to anybody about this. You know what I'm saying? In the media. Appreciate that, player. But it was like when when Rich told me like you have to like Bro, you got to go and say I was like, "No, hell no." Be a villain? Man, change? I was I was scared. Like I didn't At first I didn't want to be traded cuz I'm like Change is Change is different, man. Change is hard. Change Change is hard. And I was like I don't know. I was like to go to New Orleans cuz I was cuz I was starting to doubt myself. Like Man, I know I can do it in New Orleans. I'm going to get all the balls. I'm about to go play with LeBron. Spotlight. I'm going to play with Rondo. Like I'm going to play with all these players in LA. Or wherever at the time. I didn't know where I was going, but you know, like I'm about to go play with some guys. And it's like I Am I ready for that? You know, I I wasn't sure. You know, so I'm like, "Man, I don't know. Let's figure this out over here." You know, I hit Bron. Like, Bron, you want to come over here? He's like I'm like everybody trying to figure it out. So, I didn't have to leave so cuz I was comfortable. You know, and I mean I'm glad I did make the make the change, but um that was that was tough when he was telling me what I had to do and I was like, man. But at the day, you you know, I had to grow up and do what's best for me at the end of the day and and let the rest take care of itself. So, Ja Morant gets drafted number one instead of Zion and you're probably still a New Orleans Pelican today. yep, I probably probably still in New Orleans. And you you you asked David Griffin draft Ja Morant. He did it. Huh? He said she ain't got she got takes Zion. He got takes Zion. Yeah, he got takes Zion. Yep. That's why. Man, wow. And and speaking of change, um you know, you go to the Lakers. You then get traded to the Mavericks for Luka. Yep. And now this trade I don't know. Obviously, you had the injuries. You know, you you got injured there and unfortunately, you know, you break a hand like there's nothing you can do about that, right? Like these these things your eye like, you know, like these things that like there's nothing you can do about that. But you had it but aside from the injuries, it feels like you never stood a chance because it feels to me as if on a barrel the whole time. Yeah, as a fan base they can't get over Luka. Like I don't even know that they were ever mad you were there. Yeah. They just were mad he wasn't. He wasn't. And as a fan base every game, all the gripes, all these things, every day, everything you turn on, you read, you watch they're all going crazy about Luka being there. And I'm not sure you ever Obviously, injury to you, injury to Kai, all those things. But aside from that Yep. Yeah. I just don't feel like it it it would it had a chance even if y'all were healthy. Yeah. Because of the distraction from the fan base and how they received Nico and then y'all team as a whole. Talk talk to me about that and just like what that transition was of where you get you like they're getting Anthony Davis and because they're so upset about Luka leaving it feels to me like you were never even received. Yeah. Um when I first got first of all, I had no idea that I was even traded. Zero idea that that this was happening, right? Play in Charlotte, have like a 40-20 or something like that. Team goes to Philly, play in Philly, hurt my ab- my abdomen, uh go see the doctor in Philly, you know, and the team going to New York after, but I wasn't going to play. So, I'm like, "You know what? I'm going to let me go back to LA, rehab, get ready. We play the Clippers on Tuesday, you know, at the time we beat Philly, we beat New York. Hey, we going to be uh we beat the Clippers, we we going to be in the fourth seed. All right, we're in fifth already. So, I'm like, "All right, this is the plan. Cool." Fly back to LA, um watching the game downstairs in the basement on the TV, playing the Knicks. And I'm like, "Man, good job, fellas. Good win, you know, uh hey, Tuesday I'll be ready. You know, let's go get this fourth seed, whatever whatever." Now, at the time I'm in a dilemma cuz I'm like, "Man, should I go should I go on the game, play the game for a little bit, go upstairs, watch a movie? Like, let me see." Go upstairs, like, "You know what? I'm going upstairs, watch a movie." Get in the bed, turn the movie on. Wife next to me and, you know, I'm trying to find a movie. I tell her watch a movie and I see uh Rob Pelinka calls me. But, mind you, it's 8:45, 9:00 LA, so it's it's 12:00 you know, back in, you know, and 11:45, 12:00 in in New York. So, I'm like, man, you know what? I'll uh I'll hit him back I'll hit him back tomorrow, like, you know. Um he texts me like, "AD, uh when you get a chance to hit me back, man, coach got something to run by you." So, I'm like, all right, could be a trade. I mean, I did just come out and say that, you know, I want a big, like, I think we need a big, you know, whatever, whatever. Get done. Rich say he tried to call me. I never got Rich's call, right? So, Rich didn't call. My wife is like, "Hey, tell AD to call me, whatever, whatever." So, Rich she's like, "Yo, Rich said call him." So, I'm like, all right. So, I look, I call him. She's like, "Man, take this downstairs but outside the room cuz it's probably going to get loud or whatever." So, I'm like, all right, cool. So, get down downstairs. My chef down there, he cleaning up. I'm like, "What up, Rich?" He's like, "Man, they just traded you to Dallas." And I'm like, "Man, shut up." Like, but like, I know cuz I spoke to Rich before. I'm like, man, Luka so cold, bro. We used to talk about Luka all the time. And I'm like, man, imagine me with like me with Luka, like, oh my gosh. Cuz at the time, like, I wasn't sure what Bron was going to do. If he was still going to play or retire, but I wasn't even thinking about like being traded or no or like asking to leave. I was just saying in general, like, the next thing as far as what what he can do, what who can be close to Bron, was Luka as far as the height, passing ability, he can score, he like like all that as far as helping my game. And I'm like, man, Luka, man. I'm like, man, if I ever got with Luka, oh my gosh. And so when he said trade to Dallas, I was like, get the out of here. Like, and I said I said, "Who the they going to trade me for? Luka?" Like, but I was just saying like, "Who else can you trade me for on that team?" And he was like, "Mario, they just went to the finals." Yep. They just went to the finals. So I'm like, and it was never no discussion about like, man, we might get AD out of here or it was nothing. Right? And he was like, uh they traded you for Luka. I'm like, Rich, shut the hell up. What did Like, shut What do you want? So I'm thinking he's I'm thinking really he's thinking he's just playing. And he was like he was like, "Man, I swear." And at the time, like Rob Pelinka is calling me. So I'm like, all right, Rich, I'm going to call you back. Let me see what Rob what Rob No, I'm No, I'm sorry. Nico was calling me. Now I'm like, Rich, I'm going to call you back. Like, hello? Yeah. I told you I was going to come get you one day. I I wanted you. Huh? I'm still like, all right, I know Rich and Nico cool. Like, y'all y'all playing a joke? Like, this is really foul play. Yeah, foul play. Foul play. Got you. So I'm like, huh? So I tell Nico I'm I didn't even speak. I said, "Yo, let me call you back." So now I'm like, all right, I'm about to call Rob Pelinka back. So I call Rob Pelinka back and I'm like, "Hello?" He like, "Yeah." You know, he you know, telling me all this stuff and like, you know, basically I got traded for Luka. And the stuff some of the stuff he was saying I just I I didn't understand. Like, what do you like, you know, we want to you know, when Bron's done, you know, we want somebody to take over. We want to go younger, you know, rebuild, all this. And I'm like, huh? I just didn't understand like what he was saying. But also too, like once as I'm hearing this, I'm now like checked out. Like, I hear you, but I'm not listening, right? Mhm. And hang up and my chauffeur's right there in front of me. And I'm like, "Nigga, I just got traded to to the Mavs." He started laughing. Yeah, big dog. So, I'm like, "You know what? I know if this true. I go I go X and go straight to Shams page. Nothing. I'm like, "Yeah, they playing." So, I'm walking out the kitchen, turn the corner to go up the stairs, Joel Embiid calls me. What he calling me for? Mind you, he in Philly, 12:00. Mhm. Don't I don't answer. Going upstairs, then somebody else call me, another player. And I'm like, "Wait, hold on." So, I go back to Shams page, and then there it is. Breaking news, Dallas Mavericks trade Luka Dončić, you know, and I'm like, "What?" Run upstairs. "Babe, I just got traded to Dallas." "Shut up." Swear but now this time I'm like, I'm not shaking, but I'm like, like it's like my heart is in my stomach cuz I'm like, "Yo, what the just happened?" Right? And I show her and she's like, "What the hell is up?" But now I'm like, all right, I'm running back outside. The first person I call my pops like, "Yo, pops, I just got traded." Like, "Man, shut up." He looking, he can't find it. And as soon as he was soon as I'm like, "Bro, I swear to God." It pop up on the ESPN. Da da da da da da da da da da da da like and then my phone start blowing up. Everybody calling. And I just I'm in shock. Like, I'm genuinely in shock. So, I I call all everybody that's with me and like, "Yo, look, I just got to trade to Dallas." They don't believe me. Everybody's like, "You're playing. Shut up." They don't see nothing. They're getting ready to get on this flight in the morning. But, I had no idea that this was happening, right? And I couldn't make sense of it cuz I'm like, "Why?" Yeah. Like, what what what is the why? Like, I'm not understanding, you know, like we come in, I have a conversation with Rob beginning of the season, I have a conversation with JJ, and everything is like, we playing well, I'm playing great this season. I just come off a 40 and 20, and it's like, "Yo, AD's the hub. We everything around AD." Bron is like, "Yo, this AD." And I'm like, I thought this was, you know? But, at the same time, like, even though I didn't understand it from my view, I understood it as far as the trade. Like, Luka's Luka. Like, you see what he's doing now. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? So, it's like, Luka is is at the time where he 27 now or something like that. He was 26, 25. You know what I'm saying? At the time I was 30 31 32. So, I'm like, look, I from the business standpoint, like, I can't be mad, but like, why? Like, I just couldn't fathom. I couldn't understand it. And I'm like, and nobody told me nothing. Nobody said anything to me. So, you you just catch me off guard like, yeah, you traded to Dallas. That's what I couldn't get over, which and I still can't get over. Like, I think I deserve much more respect than that, you know, for what I've, you know, all the time I've been here. I was there six years. You know, all the time I've been there and and all the time like, we won a championship. Like, all this stuff, and I can't get a phone call or a text that tell me like, "Look, this is what we're thinking." So, all I'm saying all I know is that the Rob, what you was calling me for was to tell me that I was getting traded, but that was already 10 minutes before the trade was before it was about to be announced. So, you already knew this already, you know? Or you had to at some point the conversation had to start about me being traded for Luka. Right? And it never got to me like, "Hey, this is what we're thinking, whatever." Right? So, I think that's the biggest thing that kind of like like with me this entire time. Um but the trade happened, whatever, gets to Dallas. Um and the first game, like I wasn't even ready to come back. I'mma be completely honest. I was like But you was feeling that pressure, I'm sure. Yeah, hell yeah. the pressure for you. Yeah, I'm like, "Look, these just went to the finals and they just traded Luka for me. I got to I got to. I had like I had to. You know? And I get there, I get to Dallas. And I'm in the I check into the hotel and I go get some food. And then I come back cuz I didn't play right away. I come back um and it's a it's a uh what what's the what's the name of the hotel in Dallas? Uh the Crescent. The Crescent Court. And they got the little mailing cars that you can write and it was one at the my door. And I pick it up with some macaroons on the door handle. I don't even eat macaroons. So, I open the door and and I open I open the door and I get the letter and it read "Dear AD, hope you liking your time in Dallas. Um here in Dallas we love Dirk, barbecue, and and Luka." Jesus. And the Cowboys. But what we love more than all of that is championships. The boos you're going to hear are not for you." And it had no name, nothing. I'm like, so right there coming in it's like, "Oh yeah, this about to be crazy. Oh. Right. Coming in, I'm like, this is to be crazy. So now, I'm feeling the pressure of the trade, like damn. You know, they just traded Luka, they just went to the finals. Now, I'm getting And then you start seeing stuff on TV, you know, like oh, fire Nico. And they had a hearse outside the arena with a casket, like all this crazy stuff. And me and Nico, like we super cool. So I'm like, damn, I feel bad for him. But he's looking at a vision, like man, I you know, I feel like this can help us. So I get there and I'm like, you know what, I got to play. Playing Houston. And I'm not 100, but I'm like, I can't keep waiting. I have to go out on the court. And I go back and I go out in the first half, like you know, JK is not taking me out in the first quarter. I'm like, nah, let me run. Like let me run. You know, I'm feeling it. I'm I'm my body is so hot, like I'm I got steam coming off me. Now, I've never been like that. But I got so much adrenaline in my body. And I'm like, you know, I played a whole first quarter. Come back in, I played like like nine in the second. I come out the end of the first and I'm I'm I'm grabbing my ab and I'm like, man, this a little sore, but like whatever. And then it started trickling down. I'm like, you know, I start feeling something in my groin at halftime. And I'm like, man, whatever. Like I just ain't played in a minute. Like it's whatever. Put the heat pack on, go out. And the move I make I 50 times a game, Just stepped and I felt like I ain't feel a pop, but I just felt like something. And I was like, man, this something weird. So I tried to run. I'm like, damn, I can't run. So, I'm like, yeah, I probably won't come back to the game. And we end up, you know, I'm on the table and I don't get to lift my leg up. And they trying to turn it. I'm like, man, this feel good. Try to jog on the practice court. Couldn't go. I'm like, man, maybe, you know, my hip was just locked on my my adductor was locked. I just popped it. that next morning I woke up like When I said I couldn't move my leg Mhm. I said, "Oh my gosh, what the just happened?" And end up being, you know You know, tore and everything like that, but You know, I It was It was the best And that's the only time me and Kyle ever played with each other. The only time we only game we ever played that first game against Houston. And At the time, that was the only moment where I felt like Yeah. At that time, I felt like they they forgot. They forgot about Luka. Cuz it was so intense. It was like, "Okay. Okay, I can see it now." But then when that injury happened, come back play in, you know, I obviously had 40 at the end of against Memphis, like play well against SAC. And Then the eye happened in the summer. Mhm. All right. Well, I can't do nothing for I couldn't do anything for 2 and 1/2 months. Like, I couldn't walk. I couldn't lift weights. I couldn't run. I couldn't play basketball. Nothing. Um Come back September. All right, trying to get Now I'm trying to like catch up. While we got games to play in a month. All right. So, I'm This is now my summer. Trying to catch up, do all this. Um then get hurt again. You know, with the Achilles this time. And so, trying to like Make up for lost time that I that I missed in the summer, trying to use it in the season. It You know, it's it's tough to do. That's That that never works. It never works. It's nearly impossible. You need a training camp. You need a pre-season. Yeah. That never works. Never works. It never works. Because when you're coming back, everyone else is They Exactly. in the game. Everybody else like, "Yo, I'm going to make the playoffs." Yeah, exactly. like, you just can't catch up. You can't catch up. And so, like Um it was just tough. And I just felt like like, like you said, I don't think they ever had a chance to really, you know, appreciate, um, and it's also me like because I was hurt. So, I never gave them a chance to appreciate, you know what I'm saying? Like what they what they got or to see the vision that Nico had or whatever. So, for me, um, that's just the toughest thing like that I think about most of my time in Dallas. Like, damn, I never was able to stay on the floor to show them, you know, what Nico saw, but also what they've been seeing my entire career. Like, oh we getting Anthony Davis. So, um, that was the toughest thing and I and I just felt like at that time then when we got Coob, um, it was just like, yeah, you know, we just need to go ahead and get off of this, you know. But, I and I say this all the time, I feel like we could have won 60 games, we could have, you know, traded for Michael Jordan. Like, we could have did whatever. I think it would all it would have always been like a cloud over Dallas because Luka wasn't there, you know? Not more so like who we got, but it's just like they missed, you know, they missed and slash missed Luka so much that it's like I mean, then you think about like what he's what he's doing, you know, and everything. So, it it only you know, adds more fuel to the fire and like that, but, you know, my time with the teammates and you know, my time in Dallas is it was it was it was cool, but I just never had a chance to really, you know, do what I wanted to do and go out and perform uh, the times I did. But, I mean, when I was on the floor though, it was you know, I did what I had to do, you know, but I just I just couldn't get to, you know, where I wanted to cuz I was always playing catch up. And then, yeah, and then, you know, with the I oh, and I thought about that a lot, too. Like, when I play like, all right, then you got to go get 50 every night cuz that's the only way they will forget, you know? Like, oh, God forbid you get 24 and 14. It's like, oh, well, you know, look at what they got. Like, it's You know, it's just always that. Like, you know, I'll be out at, you know, sporting events and it's like, we want Luka. We miss Luka. It's like, I don't know what y'all want me to do, y'all. I didn't I didn't choose this. I didn't choose you either. Yeah, so it's like, you know, I didn't I don't I don't know what to do, you know, so um it was a it was a crazy time, but I mean, I enjoyed my time there for sure. Yeah, no, that's um And the criticism for Nico, warranted or unwarranted? Um I think it's unwarranted, bro, because I agree. because when you sit in that seat, you got to make decisions that are scared to make. You got to make decisions that people think you're crazy, right? All of All the great ones have. You know, and I think Nico's vision was on point. We just didn't have the opportunity to show it, right? You know, you get Coop the number one pick, paired with myself, Kyrie, you got PJ, La foot. His whole foot was messed up. You know what I'm saying? He had foot surgery, so he couldn't play. Gav, training camp, rolled his ankle, was out for a while. You know what I'm saying? So, it's like, we you know, we getting we got these pieces, but we could never put them together because of injuries, right? And so, it's like, it's hard to do that, and then, you know, when you get fired, you know, you're in there, and you got You know, I never forget we played Milwaukee at home in Dallas, and I think PJ was at the free throw line. And while PJ was at the It's a close game. When PJ was at the free throw line, you got the fans chanting, "Fire Nico." And I was like what? Like what? You know what I'm saying? So it's like, you know, you see that type of stuff and you see it's like, damn bro, you know, he he made a business decision that he thought would help the basketball team. You know, and I think, you know, you don't see it and it kind of went back to, you know, my time in New Orleans when I asked for a trade. Like you don't see it at the moment and we just never had opportunity to put it all together. So but I think it was I think it was unwarranted for sure. Most definitely. Now, uh you move on from Dallas after Nico's fired and all the things. You move on to Dallas, you're in Washington. You spoke about how you want to win, um how you want to do that. You want to go on the road and win. But Washington's in the rebuild. Um you know, they've been rebuilding for a few years now. What is those conversations like? Obviously they swing and get Trey, you know, they swing and get you. So clearly they're trying to work their way out of the rebuild. But sometimes that that just doesn't happen right away. You're in your 14, soon to be your 15 like myself. What are those conversations like with you as far as like being a part of a rebuild and trying to see that through? From the outside looking in, Trey, like people don't understand. I didn't understand. I was one of these guys, too. Like, damn, Washington? Like what? But then when you get here, you look at the facility, you look at, you know, the little details of it, the team, it's like not bad. Like I like the young guys on the team like these can play. You know what I'm saying? Like love can they play hard, they're not afraid of the moment, they're not scared. Like these guys can really hoop. And so for me, you know, I'm like when I talk to the GM, when I talk to the owner, when I talk to the president, I'm always and always going to be about winning. All right? No matter what. I I want to win. And if that's here, then that's here. You know, but when you're like you said, when you're in a rebuild, you know, and for me, I've I'm at a young 33, and every year that I play from here on out, I want to be able to compete for a championship. Like that's what I want to do. And if their goal is along where it's like you know, I just know and you know, it's tough to be one of the worst teams in the league and then next year you're a championship contender. It's tough, tough, tough thing. You know, but now if you're saying, "Hey, look, we can go from one of the worst teams, hey, we make playoffs, you get, you know, first, second round, and you you're stacking?" Then you know, it's a different conversation. Yeah, you know, but it's not going to happen overnight, all right? And so for me, like I want to be able to compete for championships, and you know, obviously this team is is not there yet. You know, so I got to like I'm going into the summer, you know, having conversations with them like, "What's realistic? Like what are y'all thinking? If we are, you know, trying to win, what other players are we getting? You know, are we getting other players? You know, like what can we do? What's the flexibility What are the flexibility do we have?" Um and then kind of go from there, but at the end of the day, I want I want to compete for championships. Like I've been to the playoffs, I've been to the Western Conference Finals, I've like I I want to win, you know, I want to win. Like you was like goes back to the earlier conversation, like I want to go on the road I want to go on the road, man. I want to go on the road and say, "Yeah!" You know what I'm saying? So, I got to see I got to see what they're talking about, but um you know, you know, first I want to get the hand, you know, 100% healthy, which is almost there. Um haven't been cleared for games yet, but I I'm now doing, you know, some live action one-on-one, two-on-two, stuff like that. Um obviously the season is, you know, winding down, but my desire for winning a championship um um like that's that's what I want to do and and you know, I've expressed that to them and you know, um there's more conversation to be had though, but you know, I like I do like these young guys, you know, they they it's a great organization, great ownership. Um the young guys, Bub Carrington and Will Riley, you know, um you know, they Trey Johnson, Alex like these guys can like really play KJ on George who tortured our second game in Dallas with 32. Like like they can they can really play bro. They can play. I mean they played couple times. I missed both Actually, we were just in Golden State. Like these guys can play. Yeah, they can. They can play. They play hard. Um you know, and I think I could be a great, you know, vet for them, but you know, I I I I want to compete for championships and you know, who knows, maybe it's here. I I like I don't know. I We're going to talk about that at the at the end of the season and kind of just go from there. No doubt, man. I I I love to hear it. I think to have that kind of vision of like, no, I can see it through if it's right, but I got things that I want for myself. I don't think you're wrong for that regardless of what people try to say in this league, you're not wrong for that. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I learned that in New Orleans, man. Fact. Uh a couple more questions before I get you out of here. I appreciate you taking all this time, bro. I just want to ask you about the NBA today. Yeah, yeah, let's talk about that. You know, number one, you know, looking at the way this season is playing out, uh who are say your top or not even don't have to be a top, but who would you say have a realistic shot at winning a championship this year currently? Currently, uh obviously OKC, you know, they're Mhm. Well-oiled machine. Well-oiled machine. You They have to They have to be the favorites no matter what happening, right? Um The way JT has come back and like Crazy. expect it, bro. Like and it's funny and we can get to the MVP conversation and but like the way he's come back and just like he never missed a beat, you know what I'm saying, besides the first game. It's like bro, like that's not supposed And he came back early, like that's not supposed to happen. It's not supposed to happen. So, you kind of automatically like from the east just put Boston in there, you know, because of what they and what JB is doing, you know, it's like you know, I I think like Joe Mazzulla has these guys playing extremely well and and they figured it out, you know what I'm saying? That was the biggest thing. If JT comes back then how can they coexist when it's been Jaylen's team the entire year, you know? So, um you put Boston in there. Um I had I had the Lakers until this Luka and Austin thing happened. Um I think that's just that's just tough on them. Uh also, I'm not sure when Cade is coming back, but Detroit Um that that took a hit even though they're still playing well. Um Denver Always. Always. Always got a chance. He always got a chance. Long as they got big fella over there. They always got a chance. my sleeper And my sleeper team, man, I don't know if they can do it this year, but I know they'll compete. San Antonio, man. I don't know if they can do it this year. Um I'm not I'm not sure, man, if they can do but I feel like in any series it's hard to say like I like I can see them winning. I can see them winning, you know, against everybody in the west, but I don't I don't know if they have a chance. And then always like you know, I I think like when it comes to y'all, like I don't care what CJ is is like y'all I mean y'all have done it so many so many times, bro, and know what it takes and with the coaches and the U and stuff like, you know, it's the head of snakes. It's like Y'all That what this did his first game back is crazy. Like what in the we talking about, bro? Like I'm watching this like, "Hey, come on, Steph. Like what the What are we doing, bro?" 3 months. Come back torches So, um Houston, too, but I just feel like uh I don't know if Houston really got it right now. Um I think they'll compete, but I don't think so. out the window, honestly, with uh with when Fred got hurt. yeah. It's to expect them to win a championship without Fred. Yeah. It'd be a different story with Fred. Yeah. Without Fred, it's going to be tough. Yeah, but I think I think uh right now OKC is uh They got a very very high chance to to repeat. You spoke You spoke about the the MVP conversation. Um I want to ask you about the MVP conversation, but before that, uh you mentioned the Spurs. And with what Wemby's been doing, when I look at Victor Wembanyama, I think I guard him pretty well, all things being considered. Um 7'8", Exactly. All things being considered, I think I guard him pretty well. But when I look at Victor Wembanyama, I think you're probably like if I if I was going to go in a lab and and like create someone to go up against Victor Wembanyama, like you're not going to create some 7'6" person because like you just can't. Like that's just don't happen. Right. But if I was going to create the perfect person that I know can compete with him offensively, that can guard him, it'd be you. Um you're now in your 14th of your career. Uh you are already a top 75 NBA player. You're already an NBA champion. You've already made a boatload of money. You're already a first ballot Hall of Famer. All those things. But now you got this young guy. You already beat him in the Olympics for a gold medal, right? Like but now you got this young guy coming along and he's threatening to dominate the big man category. You're in your season 14, but you're 33 years old with a lot with a lot of mileage left. Do you watch him play and it motivates you to like, "Yo, I got to get back healthy. I got to get back in tip-top because I want like what's your thoughts when you're watching him and and how that match up could be for you and him in in the seasons to come as you're healthy?" Yeah. Well, first the he's doing is unrealistic, bro. Yeah. Like on both ends of the floor. You know, like Mhm. the tallest guy we've seen do some like that is KD. Yeah. You know, it's like Facts. Look at him. Put it on the on the floor, post up, shoot from deep. Um and and now you got this guy who's What is he? 7'5? 7'4? 7'6? Like who's doing it with ease, bro. It's like It's like when I play against him it's it's like he's one of those that's like, "Hey, it's You got to go to bed at 9:00, man. You got to get some rest." Yeah. You got to get cuz he's going to be a battle because he he has so much with him, right? Um one of my favorite players to watch for sure. Um and it brings the best out of you. So, like it was just like it was just like when we first got in the league, bro, when y'all were going through y'all y'all run. Every time we played y'all, I knew, "Yo, Draymond's guarding me, and it's about to be a battle. He's going to be physical. He's going to get into me. He's going to be hands like All right, it's go." So, so now you never knew it. I never thought about it, but I remember the night before bro I would always all right. All right this what he likes to do. All right we got to work on counters. AD go quick. I like I would have to like constantly remind myself cuz I know what the game is about to be. With him it's so tough because it's like even though like with him I try to like get into his body. All right go go go body him. But he's so long and athletic that it's like you could do what you want. I'm going on the other side of the rim and I'm going to block it. You know over the rim man. So it's like it's tough bro. It's tough to like go against him. You got to create space but he covers so much ground that it's it's really tough bro. Um and then on the other end you got to guard him and it's like he can put on the floor. He can draw fouls like he jumping from the free throw line like space jam and stretching and doing that in the rim. like you back off he's shooting a three. Cash. You know what I'm saying? He's getting to the line. So it's like it's really not much you can do. Like he's really a human cheat code. All right. Um but I look at that like damn. Okay. All right. Here we go. And it and it's these type of players you know that come in the league that keep you like this is why I want to continue to play. Here we go. I got to battle him. You know what I'm saying? And I look at that like damn I want to man I got to get healthy bro. Here we go. Get healthy this time to get back. Like here we go. And so like it's already my mind like since I haven't been playing I've kind of used this time like this is my summer. I missed my summer but this is my summer going into the summer. So I've already been like uber locked in on trying to like get 100% healthy um mentally physically you know emotionally like letting a lot of like just go. You know a lot of I'm holding on to that man let it go bro. Let's go. Like this is the year. You know but the stuff that that he's doing bro it it it's inspiring and motiv- and to be like I can't wait until and you know what's what's making even more better Dre that he's talking now. Yes, he is. He is talking now. Yes, he is. He is talking now which is like yes like I love that. I love that. He went on there like I'm the MVP and yeah, you know he in the game he talking now. He's talking to Luka when they play That's like that makes it even much better. That makes it better where it's like oh yeah, he's starting to get the dog. Oh He going to be a problem. And so now it's like okay. Like that's what makes it more fun, bro. Like that's what makes sports sports. Like you got you know Wimby now he start like because he he was just a silent assassin. He didn't say but now it's like now I'm about to let y'all know. I'm about to stand on it, you know, and which he is. And so for me I see that and then like and you just like he's one of the ones you look at the TV and you just smile as he's playing and it's Okay. Like there's nothing you can do because you know, like I said his athletic ability and his skill set, you know, but for me it's like yeah, I know it's going to be a it's going to be a battle. Like the only time he got me where I was like I can't do was the first game in in Dallas. But I knew for myself too like I wasn't ready to play a Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Any other time like when I was in LA it was a battle like every time, you know, and so you know, I'm getting back to that level where it's like hey, when y'all like how people like when we play against like hey, when y'all play against AD like AD Wimby it's going to be it's going to be one of those games, you know, so he definitely inspire and and motivate me to kind of get back to to my old ways for sure. No, I love that, man. And yet is he the MVP? Second in the West playing unbelievable basketball. Oh, man. He has a very strong case. He has a very strong case. Like we can't also forget they might now be third cuz Lakers lost yesterday. So, they might be either tied for third or be third, Denver. Like you can't Jokic, bro. Like he Like And he gave him 40 yesterday. 40? That's what I'm saying. So, it's like it's it's hard to always discredit Like you can't discredit what he does because he's done it so many times. So, now what Jokic does has become normal to everybody. So, people are they they they're numb to it. Like, "Oh, Jokic had a a 50-point triple-double, you know, like oh, yeah, that's normal." Like it becomes like his his game has been become so normal to people where it's like, "I'm looking at the box score." They're like, "Man, yeah, Denver beat them. Yeah, Jokic had uh 45, 22, and 17." Like, "Oh, Damn. Yeah, he he balled out tonight." Like it's not even like, "Wait, what?" Yeah. Like no. You know what I'm saying? So, it's like on 60% shooting. Like what are we talking about? So, people forget that because he's he's been so dominant and great that it's like it's just another random Tuesday for for Jokic, you know? Um but him and then you got to I think you throw Jaylen Brown, bro. Like what they've been What he's been able to do to carry Like nobody thought Boston was going to be where Boston is. I actually thought they were going to be dog Yeah, I'm like they lost JT. Ooh, they lost Drew. They lost What? Like They going They going to be in trouble, man. dog Yeah, I'm like it's over. And to come out and they Come on, man. So, I think you got to throw Jaylen Brown in there, bro. Um and then I don't know like the whole thing is like what's going to happen with Luka if he's ineligible or eligible or or but if he's eligible, then you throw him in there. Also, I think those are like my top four. Um with uh I think with the with uh Wemby leading the charge, man. Wow. All right. I think Wemby leading the charge, bro. Wow. AZ got Wemby for MVP. Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Right now. Right now. mad at it though. Right now. I ain't mad at it and I Listen, I think Shai has been great. But I think also for him a lot and and this is just what happened to great players. People get used to you scoring 33 a night. Like they just get numb to it. The only The only thing about like I say with Shai um No, I can't say that about Shai. Yeah, he's in there. He's in there. I can't I can't like I was going to say like it's a lot of times like just like Wemby um Like Shai does what he does, but I think also too I think like Shai's like what he does on a nightly basis you can't say it's really where it's like oh like spectacular. You know what I'm saying? Like it's it's like damn, Shai had 33 again or he again when he's on a some 20-point game streak you know, and stuff like that. So, you you kind of look at Shai, you know, and it's like damn damn, Shai did it again. But when you look at like the numbers and the triple doubles Jokic put up, these video game numbers Wemby is doing, and then you think about just like because you expect Shai to do what he's doing. Yeah. Right? You know, you expect oh, they're number one team. They ran through the league last year. Like oh, they're going to be the same thing. So, it's like damn, you expect that, you know, and I think you expect it from Jokic, too, but it's just something about the triple doubles and the like the high triple doubles, you know, high number triple doubles. And then what Wemby is doing, and then no one thinking Jaylen Brown was going to carry the Lakers, I mean the uh Celtics, you know, to where they are before JT got back. I think that Oh, Lakers fans going to kill me for saying brown Lakers. Oh, But uh I think I think he's going to share there. So, that's my five. That's my five. Uh in order? In order I'll go as of right now, as of April 6th, I will have to go Wemby, I'll go Jokic, JB, Wait. Oh, man. That's tough. Wemby, Jokic, Wemby, Jokic, JB, Shai, Luka. That's not a bad five. I ain't mad at your five either. I'm not mad at it. my five. I don't I don't know if I'm sure about the order though. I got to I got to go back and do some more research. But that's my five for sure. That's my five. I mean, but more importantly you got you got Wemby MVP, so it's fine. I mean, I I respect that. That's who you have? That's your MVP? Uh So, I I I I'm biased because I'm sure a lot like yourself, him coming out saying, "Yo, man, defense is 50% of the game." Yeah. Like to me that I agree. That has to count for something. It cannot count for nothing. And so, that's why I get twist where I'm like, "Yo, like you Because again, it's one thing if he's like a good defender, but he's like the best defender in the NBA. Like it ain't like he's like, 'Oh, man, like this dude is a good two-way player.' Like no, no, no. He's the best defender in NBA. Like this dude cover up mistakes like like nobody's tomorrow. Like rules don't exist. You got a open layup and you see him out the corner of your eye, you dribble the other way cuz you know it's getting blocked. Yes. Yeah, that and so it's not like he's just out there saying man, I play defense too. No, no, no. This dude dominates the defensive end, too, as good as he dominates the offensive end. He's dominating that end. You know, it's like if you do do put it like this, AD. When when players dominate the offensive end, ala Luka Dončić, ala Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, ala Steph Curry, when players dom- like completely dominate the offensive end, they win MVP. Well, this dude is damn good offensively and I mean damn good. Like like and and he completely dominates that other end. Like completely. That has to count for something and that's why I say like it's unfortunate because I like I think Shai is well deserving. Like but at the same time, Wemby's number two, you know what I'm saying? Obviously they're behind Shai, but no one expected them to be number two first off. Yes. Right? And so obviously they're behind him, but no one expected them to be number two. With number two, the numbers that he's putting up and the defense that he's playing, Yeah. I I I I I think that's got to count for something and I I'll take him as the MVP as well. I don't I don't know if they uh But you know how it goes, man. The goal posts move. You know, certain players didn't move for me a hundred times, you know, but kept moving. Yo, man. You know, we're not even going to get to that. That's a different segment, you know, but I think I think you like you said, you have to account for that. Like what he's doing, you know, defensively is is you know, it's it's absurd and I think like you said, he's up there, you know, with the offensive guys. And you look at the other guys, like the only other the is is uh JB that's going to also probably give you the same thing on the defensive end. Like he wants to guard the best players and he does a pretty good job defensively as well. So it's like Who do you like are we giving two-way guys? You know what I'm saying? That's like locking in on both sides. if you if if you go if you go by the name of the award which is supposed valuable player. It's not who's the best offensive player. It's the most valuable player. Exactly. to. You have to. I mean it it will And the is getting the Defensive Player of the Year award. No question. He's going to get 100 first place votes. Yes, 100. Unanimous. Unanimous. So I think he's deserving um but he does have some competition. He got competition and and this is probably the first time where it's like um out of all five guys, I don't think that I can be mad if it goes to any one of those guys. Like because all of them make a case and it's like well, okay, Luka you deserve it or Shai you deserve it Wemby you deserve Jokic JB. Like I feel it, you know. I think JB I think JB doesn't like that was just mine but I I think he doesn't get as much, you know, recognition and love as he'll need to be the MVP. Um but JB you ain't you ain't you ain't there for me, brother. I I see you. first team all NBA. Oh, 1,000%. 1,000%. So um yeah, but I think I think it's it's it's it's Wemby's time, bro. It's his it's his time. Like he's he's proving it, you know, over and over. He's he's shown it and and what I love the most is he's talking Uh I love it. So, I think he uh I think he probably I think he gets it. Two more very quick things. LA 2028. If I get asked uh if I get asked probably. I'll try to get in there. now. It's two it's it's it's two summers from now. It's very close. get if I get asked uh I've seen all like the stuff on social media about the team that they want. It's not from them um but you know uh if I get asked I'll I'll do it for sure. Love that. And my last and last thing as as we sit here uh college national championship about to come up. You're you are college national champion. But I forget the national championship. I I I want to I want I want to go a little further than just the national championship. NCAA champion, NCAA's NCAA final four most outstanding player, national college player of the year consensus first team all-American, NABC defensive player of the year national freshman of the year, SEC male athlete of the year, SEC player of the year, NCAA blocks leader, SEC defensive player of the year, SEC rookie of the year. The most decorated college player in the arguably in the history of college. Is that safe Is that safe to say? That is very safe to say. It's very safe to say. you Now I have a question to ask you. Why number one, that is crazy. To have all those awards. Just so y'all know about out there by the way, um I stole one of those uh player of the year awards. I was player of the year that year, too. But we're going to leave We're going to leave it there. Um but, I honestly um and and we'll get out of here off this. That decorated of a college player, why why don't you do more in the college landscape, you know, align with Kentucky more, align with college basketball, NCAA tournament more, all of these things as as the most dec- Like, is that something that you just want to say for after? But, like as the most decorated college player we've ever seen, um why not more in that space as dominant like You you you you can make the argument as the best. Um To be honest, Dre, I I don't think You list all of that, but I don't think how we talk about like uh uh you know, JB don't get it recognized for everything like I feel like that way when it comes to college basketball. I think people forget like the dominance I had on the game of college basketball when I was there. Um you know, I see all this stuff all the time people talking about, you know, the freshman and, you know, they never talk about Arkansas team. And they never talk about me. And it's like I just saw something on Instagram the other day where it said, I think I had 172 blocks, and then the next, you know, the next person, it was a team. Like, the rest of the next five were teams. You know what I'm saying? It's like Like, we don't we don't talk about like me enough when it comes to college. And um it don't bother me like to an extent cuz it's like but we talk about college basketball like don't ever get it twisted like what I did. But, I didn't also didn't average, you know, 20. The game is a lot different, by the way, from when we were in college, bro. It was It's totally different. So, I Like, you see all these guys now who's averaging 25 or having 40 in a tournament. Nobody ever hit 40 in our tournament unless you were a lower school and you were the best player on the team like where you shot 30 times but you wasn't getting 40, you know, so our time is different but you know, I think about it's like I've one I've never been asked. I've never been asked when it comes to the college basketball and then as far as Kentucky I've always wanted to season obviously got in the way. I always wanted to go back when no one Cal was there and I literally just said this the other day. I was like man, what if I'm done and I go coach at Kentucky, you know, or be whatever like all this stuff that people got to GMs and like I just don't want to give money like here go get players but I want to be involved. So I don't know maybe it's something that when it you know, when I retire but um I'm glad you threw that out there because hopefully the NCAA, you know, recognize this like look when it comes to college basketball, you know, like freshman I don't think you know, besides you can say KD but like no one has done you know, what I've done and have the awards and accolades that I've done like it it didn't happen. It's not happening so KD had the dominance but nobody's done what you've done. Nobody you know, so yeah, so it's like I I um I think they need to just start realizing you know, that you know, when it comes to this college basketball is it's not close, you know what I'm saying? And so and so hopefully you know, we'll be able to touch that avenue and honestly quite frankly I just never thought about it either. Um but it does it does piss me off when I watch some of these games and you know, they talk about some of these players and they're like oh, it's the best freshman I've ever seen and then it's like what? When did you when did you start watching? 5 years ago? You know, so it's like you know, and they have all these stats and it's all this and they was you know, they were talking about some team I think they were talking about Michigan. Um that didn't lose a road I mean a road game this year. Like we've never seen this. So I'm like, "And we didn't lose a road Like and then well Sorry. They didn't lose um a game outside of Big 10." Right? Um they they they they won all their games on the road and turn it I mean in uh conference, you know, in the conference. I'm like, "We did We didn't either." Like we lost out of conference to Indiana and then we lost in the SEC tournament, you know what I'm saying? But it's like like, "Bro, we were a dominant, too." You know? And so I think, you know, and we won. You know? So they talk about all these teams and you know, I think that bothered me the most. Like, "Man, y'all don't give love to our 11 12 team as nearly as much as we should be getting." And then two, um I just don't think they they show me as much love like in the college basketball space as as they should, you know, you know, given, you know, everything that I've done in a 6-month, you know, 6-7 month span. 1,000%. Now, I agree, bro. I think uh well, if they don't give you your flowers, I'mma give you your flowers. The most decorated college player in the history of the NCAA. Um there's no one There's no one better. There's no resume better. There's no one who dominated the game. We talking about Wemby and what he's doing. You were doing that In college. at the college level. Like And that's just what it was. You going the whole triple double way. Yep. That's what it was, you know, lobs, like All that. All everything. You name it. All of that. So definitely going to get your flowers here, bro. I can't thank you enough. As I said to start the show, congratulations on your show, Foul Play with Anthony Davis. Out. Check that out, man. To to to have the work ethic to get a show to network. Yeah, man. Brother, that that's that's Appreciate it, bro. level. And I know people don't understand that business. That's next level. that's Yeah, it's it's a different It's a different world, you know what I'm saying? And that I that I wasn't, you know, I didn't think I was ready for. You know, like long hours every day, every other day, you know, sacrifice from the fam. Like all that. And, you know, just like our sports or whatever you want to do. You want to be great at something, you got to put in the hours. It takes dedication, it takes, you know, hard work. So, I'm glad I got it done. I'm glad it's it's over and I won't say it's over. Season 1 is over. Yeah. And and, you know, hopefully that everybody like it, but, you know, after the national championship game, like I said, they'll be saying this after, but, you know, I hope that, you know, people really enjoyed and every Monday, you know, 9:00 p.m. Eastern, man, you can it's new episodes coming out. So, um And you lead you lead you lead the way, bro. You lead the way with the one of the best ones that I've ever did, bro. I'm telling you that like when I say comedy from start to finish, like that's why we had to do it number one, bro. So, I once again, I appreciate you. I know I know Farrah was telling me like, "Dre, I don't want to watch it." He doesn't want to He He still mad from it. I'm like, "Bro, it was like Bro, I And I answer everybody that, you know, got pranked like I appreciate everybody being a good sport and just like cuz it's tough like you know, when they got me, when they reversed it on me, I was like, "Damn, bro." Like I started sweating like, "Fuck, I don't want to be pranked." You know what I'm saying? But, like I really appreciate everybody like being a good sport and just making it making it fun and just like, "Listen, you know, whenever you ready to get somebody, like I got you, you know what I'm saying? So, My dog. My dog. I got you. So, I just hope that uh um you know, everybody enjoyed it, bro. It's a It's a lot of hard work and time that went into it and I just I just pray that uh you know, we able to move on to season two. Everybody will enjoy it for sure. I've I As much as I hated being pranked, I've actually going through it now and it's and job well done, man. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Appreciate you. Congrats, bro. Thank you so much for coming on the show. Get healthy. You wanted to you know, you you you just spoke about me. You are one of the guys that I don't I'm not much of a sleeper, but you are one of the guys that like you make me better because when I'm on the floor against you against Victor Wembanyama, against Kevin Durant, against Kawhi Leonard, when I'm on the floor against you guys I'm under-matched, you know, from a size perspective from a skill perspective I'm under-matched and and what it brings out of me is the best because it requires me to be locked in at every turn. If you don't got the ball, I got to be locked in because if I give you one step, I can't make up the ground, you know, and it's like that with all of you guys in different ways, but um it's been a it's been a hell of a 14 years to align to be in a draft class with you to align our entire careers and play against each other and I just wanted to share with you how much better you've made me. Um how I learned to guard certain guys was I had to try to figure you out and and it's something that I used to try and I used to do it all the time to you and then you figured it out where I would send AD loves to go left. He he he goes left. And so what I would do is I would send AD left. And I start trying this like, yo, I'mma send him left and see what happen. Cuz if I send him left, he don't have a counter to to me sending him left Right. because that's what he trying to get to. So now I just got to cut that shot off once he go left. And I started it and it was working and then you figured it out and I thought I had you figured out and and and you figured it out. So it's been an honor to play against you and try to get better and and and try to answer the bell when we match up, but I thank you for making me better and I appreciate you coming on the show. Oh, for sure, bro. And same here, bro. Like, you know, a lot I actually saw a a clip that you just did or what you said recently, like somebody one parent came to you and was like, "My kid wants to be Draymond Green." And you was like, "If your kid want to be me, he sucks." Awful. He's awful. But, um no, but like all this here's no, bro, like hearing that and now we're like, "Man, Draymond's actually, bro, listen. I know what you did in high school in high school. I know what you did in college. I know what you did your first couple years in the league, you know what I'm saying? But, you had to you chose to make an adjustment in your game for the betterment of the team, you know what I'm saying? And that's how y'all got four chips. Right? And so, you know, when people talk about like, "Man, Draymond Draymond." I'm like, "Bro, listen. I remember Draymond used to go get 30. Go watch Draymond at Michigan State, bro. Go watch him at Michigan State what he used to do his first couple years in the league. He would trey ball all like put it on the floor. Like, everything, you know what I'm saying? So, like for me, you know, especially in these playoff battles like when we played and stuff like I had to be super dialed in because I knew from the defensive end what you were going to bring, you know, like, "Yo, it's going to be a battle." Like, you got to work on your on your And so, for me, like I said, I used to always before the night before the game just like watch film and like, "What is he going to do?" And then go try to work on that. Okay, if he go you know, like you said, I go left. Go left, I used to bump fade floater, right? Oh, Okay, he's sitting on that. Now Now what I got to do? Oh, All right, now that's when I got to the left step back. Yeah. Like, create some space. So, it's like like you actually helping me as well. So, like every night that, you know, I even now, even now, bro, like when I was in LA, Phil Handy, you got to play fast against him. You know what he's going to do. Like, he's going to So, like like every time we play, bro, I have to be super locked in and I it is a pleasure cuz I know no matter from year 1 to year 14 to year 18 like whatever like I know when I go against you it's going to be a battle. It's not going to be one of those where it's like, "Oh well, I know he ain't coming to play." Nah, I'm I'm coming to play today especially if it's you and it's the same with me like Absolutely. Yeah, like and the same for me like, "Oh Draymond and we have those games where we're like, are we going to play him?" Well like but I know when when they come on and say, "Hey, tonight we got Golden State. Are Draymond playing?" Okay, bet. All right, here we go. Hey, don't say nothing to me today. Hey baby, I'll talk to you after the game. I got I got a lot Hey, don't come over here laughing, man. Like it's one of those where we got to be where I got to be super locked in cuz I know the energy and the effort and then and the tenacity that you're going to bring to the game, bro. So And we talk now, so it's like Absolutely. Like yeah, it makes it much much more fun, bro. So like I appreciate you for making me better. You know what I'm saying? Like making me every day have to work on my and get prepared to, you know, go into these battles with you because we got to appreciate this now cuz man this Bro, you remember we 20 to we was just rookies. Yesterday. 14 years That's what I'm saying. Like we about to go into year 15, bro. Like this goes by so fast. So like I appreciate every moment. I appreciate every obstacle and every battle that we we ever, you know, encountered together, bro, and you know, hopefully it's more down the line that we able to, you know, make even more great um you know, battles for everybody to see. Yes, sir, brother. It's been a pleasure, man. Appreciate you, my dog. Yes, sir, always, bro. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Hotzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume Media and the team at Audacy. Laura Corcoran, Josefina Francis, Hillary Schupp, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaither, and Jake Gallen.
