What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we'll dive into an extensive and insightful Steve Kerr profile in The New Yorker. The Rookie of the Year results, the controversial new NBA draft lottery anti-tanking proposal, and of course, we have to talk the most important thing in any NBA season, the NBA playoffs. So, let's get right into it. If you care about your energy, your skin, and aging well, listen up. Cymbiotika is a supplement that is clean, liposomal, science-backed, and actually absorbable. One staple is N A D plus. It has the best orange vanilla flavor. It supports cellular energy, healthy aging, and gives your skin that radiant even tone. You just stir it into your drink. And for strength and performance, they have advanced creatine. It helps with recovery, sustained energy during high-intensity workouts, and focus. You can use these everywhere, whether you're traveling, at the gym, or just running around. Cymbiotika makes wellness effortless. Go to cymbiotika.com/draymondgreen to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's c y m b i o t i k a dot com slash draymondgreen for 20% off plus free shipping. First off, uh I want to talk about, you know, some of the things that Steve said about myself uh from his interview in The New Yorker. Like he said, he's the best defensive player I've ever seen, and that's saying a lot given that I've played with Scottie Pippen and Dennis Rodman. And I would add to that list Tim Duncan and David Robinson. Um incredible, incredible defenders. Uh and so, however, I'll continue on. Draymond, he can guard any action, any position, any player. And he can also blow up the play behind the play if he's not involved in the action because of his brain, his speed, and his reach. Number one, uh for him to say that about me and you know, he said something similar before and I add in those names of Tim Duncan and David Robinson. Not that I'm sitting here saying I'm a better defender than Tim Duncan or David Robinson or Scotty Pippen or Dennis Rodman for that matter. This is not my opinion. But I'm speaking of these are guys that Steve played with. You know, and for him to say that I am the best defensive player he's ever seen. I'm forever grateful for that because you know, I love the game of basketball. I love the history of basketball and anytime, you know, for a kid from Saginaw, Michigan, for someone with the resume of Steve Kerr. You know, Steve Kerr is one of the best winners in NBA history. You know, a guy who's won nine NBA championships as a coach and player combined. There's not many people qualified to say as much as Steve can say about the NBA. He's just done it all from every at every level. And so, I don't take this lightly. Like I you know, to sit back and pop up on my phone and I read this like, "Whoa." You know, because you have the ideas of who you think you are, you know, and like who you believe you are and ultimately you must have those beliefs. But at the end of the day for someone with the resume of Steve Kerr to speak about me in that way, to stamp me in that way, to vouch for me in that way. It's surreal. It's surreal to see your name. Again, I'm just a kid from Saginaw that had dreams of making it to the NBA and to be mentioned and say, "Oh, he's the best I've ever seen." Like, whether I'm the best you've ever seen or not, that's for you to debate. But that means the world to me. So, I'm forever and I don't I don't take that lightly and you know, it's things like that that keep you going. You know what I'm saying? Like I want to continue to add to that defensive resume. Hopefully I can add to it this year, but I want to continue to add to that. You know, I want to continue to do that at an extremely high level. You know, and so I'm forever grateful that he said, "I don't know that he'll coach. I think he's a really good-hearted person um with an incredible brain, but if he wants to coach, he's going to have to learn how to control that desire and that fire that burns within him. It's not an easy thing to do. Um you know, as far as this statement goes, I think you know, the the emotion of a as a player and the emotion as a coach are two totally different things. In saying that, I've never coached and so I'm not shooting this down. I'm just saying the emotion of a player and the emotion of a coach are two totally different things. And what I do understand that if I do want to coach, I can't have the same emotion um as a coach that I have in playing the game. But I also don't have that emotion in many other things that I do in life as I do when I'm playing the game. You know, so I do understand that if I was to coach that that is something that I would have to be certain of. But I'm pretty certain that I could do that. I I feel pretty confident that I can do that. Needless to say 1,000% accurate on that. He also said this year we had a major blowout um in December. He's such a unique person. There's things he's done that I can never forgive him for and yet I will do anything for him. When you spend 14 years with someone, when you've had the runs that we've had um playing the role that I've had to play and being who I've had to be. Some things like that are going to happen, you know, where he's like, "Yo, there's some things he's done that I can never forgive him for." I think I have an idea what some of those things are. Uh But I think that that that that goes on both sides of it, right? Like I think when you look at um our tenure and things that's happened, everything hasn't just been one way, you know, it hasn't just been like, "Oh man, Draymond did this and Steve's mad." You know, I think for myself there's things that he's done or said that I can never get past, right? Like I won't get into those things because I think it's unnecessary. And yet I sit on this podcast daily and talk about it, speak about his greatness. Speak about how much I don't have interest in playing for another coach outside of Steve Kerr. Speak about how important he's been to the makeup, to the build of what we've become. Um how important he's been in keeping it all together. You think of last year and how he always knew the right thing to say. Those things don't change for me. I think when I take a step back and I look at my career, I definitely have some gripes about him over the course of his coaching tenure that I'll never be able to move past. But I think that's probably with any relationship. You know, I think that's like with anyone. Like anyone that you have a close relationship with and it's gotten testy at times or, you know, it's gone back like even if it hasn't, then maybe you just have something that you're holding in about that person, you But I think that's with any relationship, you know, and so I I what what I say about that is that's mutual, you know, and I don't take that any way at all. Like I I there's a list of things that I can tell you, you know, speaking of this December thing. I shared my feelings on that and what I felt about that and why I got out of there, because I it wasn't a situation that I think I could win in. Um and not that it's about winning and losing, but it was a situation that wasn't going to get better for me. And to be honest, it was a misunderstanding of what he thought was going on and what wasn't going on. Um that kind of led to him blowing up on me. And you know, I said what I had to say back and then he went crazy and crazy and the look that I saw in his eyes, I'm like, I should leave. Like, this is not That thing had me question, you know, I spoke to him after that and it was like, "Yo, I don't even I don't think you like me." Like, I don't think you Like, I don't think you've ever liked me if I'm honest. Like, he cried. Like, really? And so, in saying that, like, I think that thing goes both ways. Um however, what he's meant to me in my life, what he's taught me in my life, just telling them in our exit interview, the thing, like, I've won my whole life. At every level, I've been a winner. The things that he's taught me about being a winner, to enhance that winner toolkit, if you will, I'm not sure where else I could have got that. I played for Tom Izzo. One of the greatest winners in college basketball history. The things he taught me about winning and Steve just took that to a completely different level and especially showing me things about this level and winning. Like I could never repay him for that. It's so important to who I've become. And so when I sit here and I say like yeah, there's things that he's done that I can never forgive him for or that I can never look past. Well, I can look past him because we continue to move forward. But make no mistake about it. I'm not who I am today without Steve Kerr. Like the impact that he's had on my career, on my life. I'll forever be grateful. You know, um like sometimes I struggle to put it in words because I'd be explaining something for hours. You know, it's to have him as a coach. You know, one thing I was telling them like that I've learned from him. His patience is crazy. And it's small things that I watch that he didn't even know I watch. Like I watched him for years. We get into a hotel at 3:00 in the morning. He grab He's the first person off the bus, right? Like he's the front of the bus. He grabs his key. And he's the first person at the elevator. He has the develop elevator and players walk up, anybody walk This guy steps to the side and let everybody go. Like that type of patience. And I've watched that for years and just been like man, I need to reach that level of patience. And it's not that oh man, he moved to the side and let players go or he moved to the side and it's not that. Like if if that's what you're taking away from what I'm saying, you're you're completely missing the point. It's just that he always knows the right thing to do. He always knows the right thing to say. Moving to the side like that and let your the players go. So many coaches would just go. The head coach. I'm waiting for somebody for. And guess what? Not one person would be like, oh Steve's wrong for getting on that elevator first. But it's things like that of where I've just watched him for years and been like, man, like I've picked up on all of those things from him. You know, and so and and just being a better man, like obviously basketball player and all of those things, like as much as he's done for me in basketball, a part of me think he's hindered me in my career and what I could have become. But what he's also helped me become. Like you got to take the good with the bad, man. You know, when I think of who I was offensively as a player and who I became, I think a part of that is due to him. I don't hold that against him. I'm forever grateful that he still put me in a position to be successful and that I could become Draymond Green despite my offensive role on our team. You know, when KD came from 2016 on, I have not had a play in our playbook. Not a single play that we run for me in our playbook. This is 2016. You think that would hinder someone as an offensive player? Of course. So at times I I go home and I think about my career and I'm happy as hell of what I've been able to build. But at times sometimes I sit there and think, what could I really have been if I stayed true to my game and what I really was. But that just wasn't was that wasn't what it was in the cards for me. So I don't sit and be like, oh man, like I hate Steve because of that. No. It's one of my gripes. But if you're going to take one gripe and not be able to move past it for all the other things, then you're shallow as a person. That says more about you as a person than it does about Steve or whoever else in that instant. Says more about you. So I've always just moved past that and moved on and whatever my situation made the best of it and became who I became. So I said all of that to say I get exactly what he's saying. I think that goes both ways. But I'd give my right arm for him. No question. For what he's been to me, him and his family. They're family to me. You know, and like I said, we've had our differences, of course. Like he said, he's a unique person. I'm not the easiest person to coach cuz I have an opinion. My opinion's going to make sense and I'm not afraid to voice that opinion. Right? Like all of these things like I get it. But man, I wouldn't trade it for nothing in the world. There's not a single other coach that you say, "Well, if you could pick this Nah, it's that guy. It's that guy. That's the guy. So yeah, I get it. But I'm forever grateful for Steve Kerr, what he's brought to me and my life. I could never I couldn't repay him. You know, obviously our success, playing the way I played, becoming a player I become for this organization, for this dynasty, which ultimately ultimately helped him as well. I could never repay him. So forever grateful. Uh moving on to the article, you know, uh for those of you that don't know, Steve Kerr's dad was killed when he was eight or nine years old uh by the Islamic Jihad or when he was president of American University of Beirut. Um, which he said, you know, because of that he's had a hard time with this war in Iran. He used basketball uh to grieve the loss of his father. You know, you I I can I can relate to that. Not that I lost my father, uh but that man, so many things I've gone through in my life and I just go to the basketball court. You know, you'll be going through something, go to the basketball court at 3:00 in the morning cuz I can't sleep, but I'm going to get some shots up. You know, like I I can relate to how you grieve and you just pour it all into basketball. I think a lot of that a lot of our journey is that look at the interview with Michael Beasley on Club Shay Shay. You can't tell me that brother didn't grieve and put just poured it all into basketball. It's all coming out now. I think that's for a lot of us. You know, you don't know what to do. There's no counseling, there's no therapy. You turn to, you know what your therapy is? Your your therapy is your sanctuary. You know what your sanctuary is? It's the basketball gym. So, when he said that like I understood that. You know, um everybody speaks, you know, in this article went into it, son. Everybody speak of, you know, Steve being at a a crossroads with his contract and Golden State Warriors coming off a disappointing season. You know, he openly acknowledged that coaching tenures have natural expiration dates. He might be near his. However, what's keeping him from walking away is his loyalty to Steph and myself. He doesn't want to abandon us while we can still compete because I think we still can compete. Obviously you need things to fall in place, you need things to go right, health and all that stuff is important. Like that means a lot. And I think we all envision one day going out together. That'd be incredible. But I think that's what we all would love to see. You know, but I think a lot of people saying like he's wearing legacy and he's wearing if he's burnt out. When I speak of burnout, a lot of people tend to forget, man, Steve Kerr's had eight or nine surgeries in a 2-year span. He had eight or nine surgeries. So, you think of the travel. The days that he walks in, and everybody may not see it because he puts on a face like no other, but I've been with him for 12 years. I know when he putting on a face. I can tell when he ain't feeling good. Cold towel on his neck, different things. Like he's struggled with that for the last 10-11 years. I think people tend to forget that of his health. Traveling, all the stuff, like he could be reaching burnout. But he ain't your normal health, and he's just gone to where he is at. That brother went He's been going through it for 11 years. Daily migraines and I don't know if you've ever had a migraine, but my god, could you wake up He said, "Dray- Dray, many years ago he said, 'Man, can you wake up? Can you imagine waking up every day with a migraine headache?'" He's coached through that. Sometimes sweats and all of that, like I think people forget his journey. So, let me remind you. He's coached through that. Could you imagine waking up every day with a migraine? I couldn't. He's coached through that. You know, so when you talk about burnout, it's not burnout from basketball. This dude love basketball. It could be burnout from all of that stuff. Could be burnout from the media attention. Could be burnout from things you have to deal with within the organization when you're the leading an organization in the position he's in. It's all of those things. It's not basketball. It's not just coaching. There's so much more to the job than just coaching the game, coaching practice. There's so much more to the job. Steve Kerr is a true leader, so he embodies all of those parts. He don't just pass them off. He He He lives it. You know, lastly, his love for culture. One thing I can tell you, he still love it. I can tell you that. I work with him every day. He still love it. But only if it's meaningful, he said. And I know people wonder like, what what does that mean? Is that championships? And I can tell you, no, it's not just championships. It's being able to lead and do things the way he believes they should be done. Um obviously, putting together a chance and still trying to win, of course. He's a winner. You going to want to win. Um still being able to coach up players and then not just being all the organization wants this, you know, like that's what he means when he's talking about meaningful. It's meaningful in his role. You know? And I know that he would only do it if that is the case. You know? And if those were to fade, that's that's it, you know, he'd be done. He's been uh I thought that was an incredible article in The New Yorker. I thought he was very open and honest. Uh I appreciated it um from all levels, not just the good things, the things that he said that most people would be like, "Oh man, that's awful for you." No, it's not. I'm just fine. You know? Uh but I think in summarizing this whole article is this is Steve Kerr. And this is the guy we've been coached by for 12 years. This is the guy I've been able to build a major relationship with. And I'm happy he did this article. Happy he spoke about all the things he spoke about. And I'll be happy as hell if he returns here as a coach. But nonetheless, as I've always said, it's nothing but love and gratitude and appreciation. Um we'll see when this decision comes out over the next week or so. I think we'll all be expecting it. But, what a hell of a guy and what a hell of a run. And I'm forever grateful to have learned so much from Steve Kerr. You know, the playoff push is heating up. And tournament hoops are here, right? There's nothing like the excitement of every bucket, steal, highlight play. But, you know what makes it even better? Prize Picks. Seriously, every pick, every win feels that much sweeter. People are amazed at how simple the Prize Picks app is. Just pick more or less on two to six player stat projections. Whichever sport you pick, instantly makes watching the games way more fun. A favorite feature? Early payouts. If your player gets off to a hot start, you can cash out before the game even ends. And with stacks, you can pick the same player up to three times in a lineup. Prize Picks is available in all 50 states, the deposits are fast, withdrawals are secure, and you can play all your favorite sports. Everything from basketball to e-sports. Download the Prize Picks app today and use code Draymond to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code Draymond to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. All right. Now that it's finally spring, I've been outside a lot more, walking everywhere, making plans, even squeezing in a few weekend trips. And every year around this time, I realize my closet just isn't keeping up. I want stuff that looks good, but can actually move with me. And refreshing your wardrobe every season can get expensive fast. That's honestly why I started looking for a better option and ended up signing up for Fabletics as a VIP. And it completely changed how I shop. When I signed up, I got 70 to 80% off everything, which made it so easy to try a few new pieces without overthinking it. And the quality really surprised me. Everything feels soft, breathable, and actually holds up. Lately, I've been reaching for this lightweight matching set. I wore it on a long walk and then straight to brunch and it just works for everything. Shop now at fabletics.com/draymond to get 70 to 80% off everything when you sign up as a new VIP. Take a quick style quiz and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock your 70 to 80% off. This is a limited time offer, so don't wait. Again, that's fabletics.com/draymond for 70 to 80% off everything as a new VIP. Moving on, we got the voting results for the Rookie of the Year. Cooper Flagg edges out Kon Knüppel. It was the second closest finish since the current voting format started during the '02-'03 campaign. Cooper Flagg earned 12 more first-place votes than Kon Knüppel did and beat him by only 26 total points. Only Scotty Barnes went over Evan Mobley during the 2021 season was a closer finish. Listen, I thought Kon Knüppel would win it. I'm not surprised that Cooper Flagg did win it. What I will say is I think it's shitty what happened to Kon Knüppel in this instance because I'm pretty certain he got punished for his play in the playing games. And Cooper Flagg didn't have an opportunity to play in playing games. So, I think to get punished it reminds me of when I got suspended in game five of the NBA Finals. I lost a whole game check for a game that I don't get paid paid for playing in. I lost an entire game check for getting suspended for a game that I don't get paid to play in. And I thought that was pretty shitty. That's what this reminds me of in a in a different sense, but he's getting penalized for a game that the other guy team wasn't good enough to get to. He's getting penalized for his play in it and he helped all season get that team to it. Now, I do think playing games should be a part of the results, though. But I think as voters, what I would have to sit back and say, but this other guy didn't even play in it because his team was so bad. If he was that great, maybe he could have did Maybe that's how I would vote. In saying that, I do think playing games are not playoff games and they should be a part of the voting. And so, ultimately, I think uh Con Knoppa lost a few votes from the play-in and and he got edged out. Congratulations to Cooper Flagg, well deserved. Uh got to play better. You know, those are meaningful games and he didn't play well. Also don't think his coach did him a favor. You know, you're sitting him out. He's been great for you all year. You're sitting him out. You're in a need three situation. He's not on the floor. I think his coach didn't do him any fav- any favors in winning it as well. Uh needless to say, happens and listen, I think got to tip your hat to Cooper Flagg. He had some games down the stretch that I think won some people over. Con Knoppa, on the other end, games down the stretch that I think he lost people. You know, you left that door open. Cooper Flagg closed it. Um needless to say, they both will have great careers. But I think it was pretty cool to see the closest race that we've seen in a long time. Outside of the Evan Mobley-Scottie Barnes one, which wasn't up for as for debate as much as this one. And so, I thought um Hey, man. So, unfortunate for Con Knoppa, but meaningful games, you got to play better. I think he should take that into the summer motivated as hell and see what he can do with it. The NBA proposes a new lottery system to combat tanking. Lottery expands for 14 to 16 teams. There's a relegation zone. Bottom three teams get fewer eyes for the number one pick. Teams outside of the bottom three get better lottery eyes. Three balls versus two. Play-in teams also receive lottery balls. Varies by seed. No team can win number one pick in back-to-back years. No team can get three straight top five picks. Picks 12 through 15 can no longer be protected. Listen, I think doing something to combat tanking I think is great for the NBA because ultimately there's 30 NBA teams and there should be 30 teams trying to win games. What happened down the stretch of this season, last few months of the season, was pathetic. It was pathetic for the NBA. As a player in the NBA it was pathetic to play against those teams. Um it was really a joke. Uh NBA teams can also punish tanking by reducing odds or moving picks. And just so we know, the system is a trial run that will run through 2029. Listen, how this affects people. No team can get three straight top five picks. The San Antonio Spurs as we know them would not exist. Uh there would be no Dillon Harper. They have Wemby as the number one pick followed up by Stephon Castle as a top five pick. Stephon Castle being a top five pick, that puts that takes him out. So, they don't get Dillon Harper. I think this is a good thing. I think this is great. Um that that one right there is great. No team can win back-to-back number one picks. I think that is great. No team should be able to win. Play-in teams, you didn't make the playoffs, you should receive lottery balls. I agree with that. Teams outside of the bottom three get better lottery odds. I don't know how I I if I love that one, but I do love the fact that if you're the bottom three teams you get relegated. There should be an onus on trying to be better. Ultimately, the goal is to win games. Not tank, not lose to lose and lose. No, the goal should be to get better and if if these front office people are as good as they say they are, hey, you don't get the top two pick, you don't get the top three pick, you should still be able to drive while at six or seven. If you are as great as you say you are, right? So, this will put onus on people to be as good as they say they are. Picks 12 through 15 can no longer be protected. I don't know that I agree with that. Um tomato, tomato. Moving picks and punishing teams for tanking, I agree with that. I think this should be happening. So, overall, expanding the lottery from 14 to 16 teams. Listen, overall, I think this is great for the NBA. I don't know that I love expanding the lottery from 14 to 16 teams, but overall, I think this is great. Um I think, you know, you got you you're going to have expansion teams, so that could be why it's expanding to 16 teams. You're looking at two expansion teams. You know, I think that's, you know, these these are good things. More importantly, I can appreciate the NBA taking this crisis, if you will, head-on and trying to put things in place to prevent against it. It was pretty shitty playing against those intentionally shitty teams. So, thank you, Adam. After this break, we'll go around the association talk about some of the series I've been most locked in on. We'll be right back after this. This show is sponsored by Liquid I.V. I am very particular with what I put in my body. As someone who lives an active life on and off the basketball court. Whether I'm running around with my kids, working out, or just having another busy day, I've got to keep up. And that's where Liquid I.V. comes in. It's clinically demonstrated to hydrate faster than water alone, which honestly makes a difference when you're on the go. You can toss a few packets in your bag, carry-on, gym bag, even your car, because it's so easy. Tear, pour, done. Just one stick and 16 oz of water hydrates faster than water alone with an optimized blend of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients. It actually helps keep you hydrated longer, up to 4 hours. And I love the flavors. Lemon lime and Popsicle Firecracker are so popular for good reason. Stay hydrated for every adventure. Get on-the-go hydration from Liquid I.V. Tear, pour, live more. Go to liquidiv.com and get 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at checkout. That's 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at liquidiv.com. All right, let's be real. Sometimes you need a boost, but you also want it to actually taste good. That's where 5-hour Energy shots come in, because caffeine just got a serious flavor upgrade. We're talking tasty caffeine in 17 different flavors. Right now, people are all about the cotton candy flavor. It's got that sweet nostalgic carnival vibe. It's fun, it's different, and it actually makes getting that energy boost something you look forward to. And here's the best part. You're getting as much caffeine as a 12-oz premium cup of coffee, but with zero sugar and zero sugar crash. Plus, it's all a packed into a tiny portable 2-oz bottle, so you can take it anywhere. Big flavor, small bottle, and energy that keeps up with your day. Fuel your day with tasty caffeine, available in store and online at 5-hourenergy.com or Amazon. Give your caffeine a flavor upgrade with 5-hour Energy shots. Get yours in store and online at www.5hourenergy.com or Amazon today. Now, we move around the association. First up, we got the Thunder sweep the Suns 4-0, and this was kind of expected. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander's Instagram caption was kind of expected. But man, Shai is a cold-blooded killer. This man gets on the podium all series long, shows that he's completely unbothered by what Dillon Brooks is doing. Shouts this man out. Says nothing but great things about him. When everybody's wanting to tear him down. Doesn't do it at all. And then completely annihilates him in an Instagram post. Everybody wants to be villainous until the brooms come out and the dust settles and you realize who the villain is. On the back of Dillon Brooks' jersey, Dillon Brooks is number three for the Phoenix Suns. On the back of his jersey, Cancun on three. To show no level of being bothered whatsoever to at no point to completely annihilating this guy in an Instagram post. I almost rather you just talk about me in the press conference than that. Like this is just cold-blooded, man. Like what a bar. But needless to say, uh make no mistake about it. I thought the Suns had a successful year. Uh yeah, they got swept, which was to be expected uh being that that they were in the AC. Um successful year and what most thought would be a rebuild year. I think Dillon Brooks established himself as even more than what he was before. I think uh in the games that Jaylen Green did play in, he showed that he's improved. Um And more importantly, I think they're they're at the beginning of setting a culture, which is ultimately what I know Mat Ishbia and and Jordan Ott and Martin Cleaves and Brian Gregory, which is ultimately what I know that they're setting out to do. You know, and I think they they they're at the beginning of that, but a very great start to that. So, um you know, the the Thunder obviously moving on to the next round, you know, without Jay Dub probably for the next round. They play without J-Dub a lot throughout this year. So, I think they're equipped for it. However, I also think whoever they play in the next round, they could they'll still be fine. Uh you start to get to the conference finals and I think it matters more. If I'm the OKC Thunder, I'm only targeting J-Dub getting back for the conference finals. Uh believing that I could beat these other teams whether he plays or not. However, his health will be important important to them ultimately repeating. Like, you know, I think everybody's like, "Oh, they can win without him." Like, yeah, to a certain degree. But, you're going to need him at some point, I believe. Spurs take the series versus the Blazers 4-1. They'll play in the Western Conference semi's for the first time since 2017. Shaq called Wembanyama the first perfect big man that's ever been created. Um quite honestly, man, Wembanyama's is unreal. Uh the way he moves and start He's starting to move more and more fluid. Uh he's starting to understand the game at a higher and higher level on both sides of the ball. Uh what he does defensively matched by his gravity on the offensive end. You know, I I it's unbelievable. I saw Fox made a comment where he said his gravity The only person with gravity like that is Steph. Which also shows you how incredible Steph is. It takes a guy that's 7'5" to be able to move the way he does, be a live threat at the rim over anyone, to have the type of gravity that Steph Curry has. I think when you look at this, it's a huge compliment to Steph. It's an even bigger compliment to Wembanyama. Uh but, the way he's playing, you know, I think everybody's speaking on their youth. The way he He's not playing like a rookie. I mean, excuse me, a rookie in the playoffs. He's not playing like this is his first time in the playoffs and you know, he's in his third year and like it don't look like that. He's looking like a season vet out there in these playoffs and that's scary for everyone else. Stephon Castle looks like a season vet out there in these playoffs and then De'Aaron Fox who had an incredible fourth quarter to close out the Blazers 13 points on six for eight from the field zero turnovers. Fox is like sometimes the third option, sometimes the fourth option, sometimes the first option. What that says about me says to me is is this team just want to win. They don't care what it look like. They don't care who does what, who gets what. Whoever's got it going Dillon Harper the other day a few games ago 30 33 points 30 plus points. Stephon Castle had 33 Dillon had 30. Like they don't care. They don't and and that is the secret sauce man. So this team right here like you got to worry about them and the youth yeah they'll be faced with it with with some adversity and have to overcome the youth. But they look like they can do it. They really look like they can do it. You know uh Mitch Mitch over there he ain't acting like this is his first playoff series. They looking like they can really do it. So you know speaking about OKC and having to get healthy yeah they're going to have to get healthy. Because if they run up against these Spurs without J. Dub it's going to be tough anyway. Without J. Dub I don't know. I do think it's a foregone conclusion though that the Spurs and the Thunder will face off in the Western Conference Finals. 76ers extends series 3 to 2 and headed to game six back in Philly versus Celtics 113 to 97 win in game five. Joel Embiid went off for 33 points on 52% shooting. I think it's great that Joel Embiid had a great game. I think it's great that he was able to force a game six and push it push the series back to Philly. Um however, can he do that over and over again, right? Like you had that great game, you're feeling good. Can he produce that same effort? Because again, as I said when I was speaking on Joel and the Sixers before last game, the person who takes the biggest hit is VJ Ashcom. You know, you see VJ Ashcom had 10 points, I think he shot like eight shots. He takes the biggest hit. So, if Joel isn't producing at this level and VJ Ashcom can't get going, then that leaves them like 20 to 30 points down from his production and what he would be doing. And if Joel can't get back to this level game after game, but it was great to see Joel out there uh have a great game. I think, you know, uh with all he's been through, we obviously know he's a great player, but you know, he has to have great games like that coming in and out of lineup because everyone else just can't fit in. And the style of play, it immediately changes to the style of play when Joel is on the floor. Everybody else just can't get there as how Joel can get there. So, when he's in the lineup and he's not having huge games like this, ultimately, they won't have a chance to win. The Knicks takes the Hawks down 126 to 97 in game five to take a 3-2 lead. Jalen Brunson goes off for his best game, 39 points on 65% shooting, eight assists. CJ McCollum, which I warned y'all about last podcast, has his worst game of the series, six points on 30% shooting. Listen, when I said this last game, this has no hate on CJ. I've just seen this where CJ's been out of the wild now. And when he's expected to do too much, it can get harder on him. And when I was watching those games games one through three, games one through four, he's playing so well and every play starting to be a run for CJ. And I just don't think that's the best way for CJ to be successful. I think you have to get some of those guys downhill. So, I'll say this again. Dyson Daniels half the time isn't even guarding Jalen Brunson. If he's not guarding Jalen Brunson and can't lock Jalen Brunson down, I don't know why he's out there. You need Buddy Hield out there. Corey Kispert, another awful game. He ain't made for this right now. Buddy Hield needs to be out there. In a do-or-die game, game six, I'd love to see the Hawks put Buddy Hield out there. I think it can help them out a lot. Was good to see JJ get going a little bit more. That lob JK caught, oh my god. I've thrown him a lob like that before. And when you think he can't get it, that one was crazier. That was insane. Unbelievable. Um over Mitchell Robinson floating, ducking the backboard, incredible. Uh needless to say, Cat, they they they really have to figure out the high post with Cat. I don't think they're doing a good enough job job of denying him out. He's catching every catch inside the three-point line. Um deny the catch out. Force that catch higher. Make him catch that outside the three-point line. It gives everybody else a a a better range of work in that. Also, you're guarding him with JK. You're guarding him with Mo Gay. You're guarding him with these smaller guys. Their advantage is the further they can push him out, they're more to their advantage. Now, they can press up and affect him more out there. But, Cat started to take these guys to the post and take them down. Unfortunately, I think they're doing a little bit too much gambling. And you just got to make him score over you. I think they're also fouling a little bit too much. Make him score. If he scores, you push the ball You get the ball out. You run the ball back down. Sometimes a a made basket ain't the worst thing. You can get the ball out fast and now you're getting out in transition. You're forcing Kat to get back on defense. Forcing Jalen Brunson to get back on defense. The New York Knicks is not a great transition defense team. So, even on a made basket, it does not hurt you. Fouling and allowing them to get back and get their defense set up, that hurts you. So, I think they need to do a better job there, but like I said, I still think they got Buddy Hield on the bench and and he's better deserved in the game. I just don't think Dyson Daniels is giving you enough during this series defensively to offset how he clogs up the offense for the other guys and in turn, I think it's costing them scoring 97 points. That ain't going to win you many games scoring 97 points. So, we'll see if they make any adjustments, but Buddy Hield is one, getting CJ off the ball some is another one, uh letting CJ not, you know, come off down screens and then into a quick ball screen, different things like that. I think ultimately helps uh CJ moving forward. The Nuggets are standing the series 3-2 to take game six against the T-Wolves 125 to 113. A win in game five. Joker gets his second triple-double of the series, 27, 16, and 12 on 60% shooting. I told y'all yes, the uh Rudy Gobert was bothering him. Yes, Joker it can still go out and make those same shots, but I'mma tell you where it differs. It's different when you're guarding and Joker's involved in actions with Anthony Edwards and all of that, he's getting tired on the other end. There's no one offensively that can really try to take advantage of Joker defensively now on the Timberwolves. And so, Rudy Gobert can be playing the same defense, but when you can't quite score at the same level, When the the team isn't as demonstrative as they were, that defense doesn't equal the same thing, right? Like you're not making a guy think twice. He's not getting down because the game's just going their way. And so I warn you that without Ant-Man it not only affects their team offensively, but it actually affects Rudy Gobert's defense. Because oftentimes when you can't score the basketball what naturally happens? The defense lets down. So all of a sudden guys are in gaps. You know, when he's locking when I wouldn't say locking down, but when he was giving Joker a tough time throughout the series, guys are in gaps, guys are connected, but you're doing well on the offensive end and transfers. When it doesn't quite carry over because you're not doing so well on the offensive end and now it's getting frustrated, it also makes it harder for the defense. And so I think ultimately this affects them in more ways than just the offensive end. I think ultimately this affects Rudy Gobert a lot more than people would realize. It's not the same defense if you can't produce the same offense. For example I could have a great defensive game last year against the Timberwolves. Without Steph Curry out there and you're not producing offensively, some point the bottom falls out and it's just not as good. And that's what that's what happens a lot when guys don't have their main stars. When teams don't have their main stars the defense takes a hit because the body language takes a hit, the resiliency takes a hit, the belief takes a hit, and ultimately the defense takes a hit. So it's not surprising to me that Joker got 27, 16, and 12 on 60% shooting. And it wouldn't surprise me if he get 35, 20, and 10 on 60% shooting the next game because the belief takes a hit and ultimately affects your defense. So, you know, we'll see what happens there. Um we'll see what adjustment coach Finch can make. They better close it out in game six because going back to game seven in Denver it's not not looking good. And ultimately, I don't think that they can close out in game six. Before we get out of here, coach David Aldridge had a bizarre press conference. A postgame exchange with a reporter. I didn't quite understand it. I thought it was funny and worth mentioning. You make of it what you want to make of it. Your opinion on it is as good as mine. Look like he was a little in his feeling. I don't know. What I do know is that's a wrap from this episode of The Draymond Green Show. I will catch up with y'all soon. Enjoy these playoff games. Till next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with The Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think. And it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Hotzman. Video production and creative design by Kirk Courtney, Tim Mikol, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Joseph and Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnely, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
