What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. It is playoff time. Well, playin time, but playoff time. I'll get into our playin matchup against the Clippers. Doc River stepping down as the Bucks coach and my official NBA awards ballot. Let's get into it. We officially have the playin matchup and it is the number 10 Warriors us versus the Clippers at the nine seed. We will be in at Inuit Dome. I am filming this episode night before the game and you know we've had a couple good days of practice obviously staying here in LA. We played Sunday versus the Clippers. So we stayed over had a couple good practices here in LA. I think you know we have a great game plan. Guys feel good about it. Just got to go out and compete hard man. You know it's the playing is interesting. Obviously you get away from college and you you know you get away from the one game and go home. And I think what four or five years ago? No, the playin's been in since 2020, since the bubble. Uh, you know, we've had the playin and you know, I think, you know, I spoke last week about the playin and what it's done uh for the NBA and how I thought earlier in the playin, you know, the first few years of it, I thought it really had a huge benefit. I thought um you saw teams like 12 through 13 fighting to get to that 10 seed to give themselves a chance at a at a playoff spot. And you know over the last couple years especially this year with all the tanking um we could have lost our last 15 17 games and still been in the playins by that team, you know. So, I think, you know, when I look at that, um, you ask yourself the question of, is it really working? Now, you know, in the position we're in, obviously we had a ton of injuries, um, and our record is what it is. You know, you you you're thankful for the playin, but we've also been in a situation where we've been a seven seed, you know, where we've been an eight seed, you know, seven seed again. and those are normal just play playoff slots and then you have to work your way through the playin. I think overall when I look at the playin um it's added some excitement at times for sure. Um, and like I said, for a team like us that, you know, think are much better than what our record would say had we been a healthy squad most of the year and you cherish the opportunity, you know, getting Al back, getting Steph back, you know, and we've been in these do or die situations before. Um, you know, I think we got guys that know what it takes, myself, Steph, Al, KP, GP, you know, all NBA champions with a lot of playoff experience. So for us, I think what it ultimately boils down to is number one, um, the team that played hardest will win. Uh, the team that follows their game plan the best will win. I think our coaching staff has done a great job of putting in a great game plan. I think over the last couple days, guys have gotten really comfortable with the game plan, and over the course of the next 24 hours, you get more and more comfortable with it. Um, but this is a team that knows us very well. Uh, you know, Tyoo and Coach Kerr coached together in Olympics. Uh, we've had several matchups against Tyoo uh throughout his coaching head coaching tenure uh first starting with the Cavs and then you know uh with the Clippers and like I said, we know what they're trying to do. They know what we're trying to do. Um, who's going to go out there and want it more? Who's going to go out there and get the 50-50 balls? who's going to go out there and stick to the game plan and have game plan discipline, not makes not not make game plan mistakes. Ultimately, like I said before, that's the team that win. Now, I will say uh and and Greg told me this, we have struggled with the Clippers as of late. I did not know uh that we were one and nine in our last 10 meetings. I know there's been quite a few uh close games. Uh we were one and three versus them this year. Um there's been quite a few close games uh within those last 10 meetings. Unfortunately, we've won one of them. So, we got to flip the script. Uh I think everybody's feeling good about that. Um you know, there was a lot of questions about, oh man, you know, playing the Clippers last regular season games, did it help you scout? That had to be the most vanilla game you've ever seen. They didn't run much. We didn't run much, you know. Um I didn't play in that game, so I won't I Kawhai didn't play in that game. So I I won't I don't think anybody's taken much uh from that Sunday game. Uh that last game of the season. It's kind of for us. It was just an opportunity to get Steph more playing time, to get Al more playing time, to get KP more playing time. It was just an opportunity to get those guys on the floor. And now, you know, you start the real thing. So looking forward to um having Big Al back, you know, KP see how the lineups go. But, you know, I think, you know, having those two guys uh really strengthens us as far as our bigs go. Um which is huge, you know. So, we are about as healthy as we're going to be. Uh which listen, got to play the hand you dealt. The hand that we were dealt is what it is. So, looking forward to being out there with Al some, looking forward to being out there with KP some. Looking forward to seeing those two guys out there together. Uh, however it shakes out. One thing I know for certain is that guys are going to come in, give it their best go. We expect to win this game and then move forward and and take on the winner of Phoenix and Portland. But very tough game. Kawhai's playing the best basketball he's played in the I wouldn't necessarily say his career. Kawhai has been great for a long time, but we just have not seen him this healthy in a long time. And now that he is healthy, he looks like the Kawawaii that everybody grew to know and love. And you know, the two-time Finals MVP, he looks like that Kawawaii, even better. And so, tough matchup. Uh, but nonetheless, it's a complete team effort. got to make sure guys are committed to that game plan and doing all that they can to make it tough on him, which ultimately if you can make it tough on an opposing team star player, you make it tough on everyone else. Now, this is a new look Clippers. Uh Darius Garland has been back for about a month now or so. Uh he's playing good basketball. They're playing a lot faster uh with Darius Garland at the point, you know. So, you know, and then when Kawawaii uh goes out the game, uh you know, everything runs through Darius. So, you know, that's a different different wrinkle, if you will. Uh something that we'll have to adjust to, but ultimately very good team, very well coached team. Uh it'll be a tough matchup, but looking forward to it, and I and I strongly believe it's one that we can bring home. All right, now that it's finally spring, I've been outside a lot more, walking everywhere, making plans, even squeezing in a few weekend trips. And every year around this time, I realize my closet just isn't keeping up. I want stuff that looks good, but can actually move with me. And refreshing your wardrobe every season can get expensive fast. That's honestly why I started looking for a better option and ended up signing up for Fablettics as a VIP. And it completely changed how I shop. When I signed up, I got 70 to 80% off everything, which made it so easier to try a few new pieces without overthinking it. And the quality really surprised me. Everything feels soft, breathable, and actually holds up. Lately, I've been reaching for this lightweight matching set. I wore it on a long walk and then straight to brunch, and it just works for everything. Shop now at fablettics.com/grmon to get 70 to 80% off everything when you sign up as a new VIP. Take a quick style quiz and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock your 70 to 80% off. This is a limited time offer, so don't wait. Again, that's fabulics.com/grmon for 70 to 80% off everything as a new VIP. The first round series are set um with the exception of the one seed and two seeds. Uh those will be set over the next few days. But I would say and we'll get into all of the first round series in depth when they're all final. But just to throw it out there, I will say I think the most exciting uh first round series or the first round series that I'm looking forward to the most, you wish the Lakers was healthy ultimately. Uh to to see the Lakers play the Rockets in the first round with a healthy Luca, with a healthy Austin Reeves, and obviously Braun um would have been very fun to watch. Uh, so I think that one's kind of taken a hit a bit with the injuries, which ultimately leaves I think one of the best better first rounds uh will be Minnesota and Denver. I know a lot of people were saying like, yo, they thought Denver should have tried to lose and get out of the three seed and not face Minnesota. Uh Minnesota has been able to give Denver some problems as of late over the last couple years. So, that series will be great. Um, however, Minnesota's also been a bit banged up. Jaden Jaden McDaniels missed most of last few weeks of the season. Anthony Edwards missed a good chunk of the last month of the season. So, they've been a bit banged up, you know, so finding a rhythm will be important. Um, and then Denver has been steadily getting healthy, you know, getting guys back, getting Aaron Gordon back, getting Peyton Watson back, uh, getting Christian Braun back. you know, they're they they've been getting healthier. Not sure if Peyton Watson is back. I know he had reinjured himself, but uh overall, I think the Nuggets are a bit healthier than the Timberwolves. We'll have to see if that plays a huge factor in the series, but I would say that's definitely the most uh exciting s first round series that we got on the docket so far. Doc River stepped down as the Bucks head coach after two and a half seasons at the helm. Um I think we can kind of see this coming. I saw an interview with uh Lou Will and Chandler Parsons uh and their crew the other day and you know Lou Will spoke about it after and he was just saying like man I couldn't believe Doc was that candid during the interview. However, it makes sense that he kind of knew that that was it for him and he can be candid about things. He discussed the Cam Thomas situation. He discussed other things that's happened um with the Bucks. You know, I'm a big Doc Rivers fan. I love Doc. uh got the utmost respect for Doc. There's been a lot of talk over the last few weeks about Doc pointing the fingers. And the reality is I think Doc just told the truth. You know, you go to coach a team with Damen Lillard and Jiannis Sante Kumbo and both of those guys miss time in the playoffs. Uh both of those guys get hurt and you never really get to see the the team that you you all put together. you know, that that you thought would give youelves a chance at or give themselves a chance at a championship run, you know, and they just never were really healthy. Giannis missed a lot of this year. Obviously, Dame missed all of this year and Dame's moved on, but they were just never really healthy. And then they faced other injuries as well. They faced injuries with Kevin Porter Jr. like they've they've been pretty beat up. Um, you know, and then coming into this year, you know, they made the Miles Turner move. I don't think that's quite panned out the way they thought it would pan out. However, I think, you know, if you have Giannis, I think Giannis may have played 30 something games this year. Miles Miles Turner isn't the guy that's coming in to like be the guy in the franchise. Like, so I think when you look at it, um, yes, he did struggle this year and and and the move hasn't panned out the way they thought it would pan out, but when you made the move, you thought Jiannis Kumbbo would be out there. So, the idea would be, all right, we're replacing Brook Lopez, who's been a stretch five for them for the last six years or so, and we're going to replace him with a more agile stretch five and Miles Turner. Well, you're replacing him to create space for Giannis. But if there's no Giannis out there, then where does where does Miles even find his shots, you know? And I think, you know, you saw Miles at times look disconnected during the season. I think another thing that people don't really speak about or realize this his first year after 10 seasons with one franchise. What's the mental adjustment of that, right? Like, you know, is he going through the season like, man, did I make a mistake with leaving? Like, you got to you got to take all of that stuff into account, especially with the way the season has gone for Milwaukee. So, who knows what happens in Milwaukee. Uh but if this is it for Doc Rivers, uh number one, congratulations again on Hall of Fame uh nomination or Hall of Fame career. If this is it, it's been a hell of a ride uh for one of the all-time greats uh sixth all time in NBA wins. Um I think one of the most special things about Doc is Doc was a hell of a player. Doc was an all-star in the NBA. Nobody remembers because of how great of a coach he became. And so you can say what you want. Um people try to throw out the Boston championship and be like, "Oh man, he lucked out with Boston. A championship is a championship and you don't get lucky and win championships." You have to actually put the work in to win championships. And Doc Rivers is an NBA champion head coach. So like I said, if this is it, kudos to Doc. Cool story, Glenn. It's been fun. Um, it's been great to play against one of the greater coaches in NBA history. It's been a complete honor. So, if this is it, salute to the OG, Doc Rivers. It is time for my official NBA Awards ballot. And first, we will start off with the MVP award. At fifth, I have Luca Donuch. I think Luca's had a great year. Um, and by the way, I know there's this whole controversy on whether Luca will be eligible or not. They're going to apply. I'm gonna just go out on a limb and say I don't think they're going to change the rule, but apparently there's some speculation that they say Luca may get an exception. If Luca gets an exception, though, Kate Cunningham has to get an exception. So, I'm going to put Luca out there for now. My whole list could be different if Cade also gets an exception. if Luca gets one because why would there be exceptions made for someone else and like Cage Cunningham was extraordinary as well. No one's expecting him have a collapsed lung and need three more games and not be able to play like he needed three needed to play two or three more games with like 15 games left. And so uh again the rule was never put in place to punish someone like Kade and what he just went through. But those are the unintended consequences of the rule. So, I'm on Luca at five if he gets the exception. Jaylen Brown at four. I think Jaylen Brown has had a great year. Ultimately, I don't think he's done enough to overtake the top three. Um, needless to say, if if you do have him in your top three, you're not wrong. Uh, I think he's had an incredible year. I just don't know that I can put him over my number three, which is Joker. And in an ideal world, Joker would be higher. He led the league in assists and he led the league in rebounds. That's insane. Uh that's a combination that really just doesn't even make sense. Uh but the Joker is the Joker and you know sometimes with Joker and I apologize sometimes people get fatigued with greatness. Uh you get you you you reach such a high level of greatness that people just become accustomed to what it is that you've done. And so Joker's at three, got Wimby at two. Uh the force that he's been on the defensive end has been absolutely incredible. Uh the way he dominates the defensive side of the ball is equivalent to the way people dominate the game offensively. Now let's talk about the offense. He's a mismatch problem every single night. Um he gets anywhere near the rim, they just throw the ball to the rim. He's the only person can get it. Uh he scores the ball in multiple ways from the three off the dribble. They're running flares for this guy. He's 75 and he's coming off flare shooting threes. Like something we've never seen before. I think he's put it all together and he has his team as the two seed in the West. I got to go with Wimby at number two. And then at number one we got Shay Gilis Alexander. Um ultimately I think the way Shay has gone about this year uh he's played great. He reached the amount of games he needed to reach. His team is still the team to beat. Number one record in the league. He's still doing what he doing on a nightly basis, putting up 30 points and carrying his team. And I think it's beautiful to watch. I said before, I think Wimby has to do some things to go take it. I don't think it can be neck and neck and you get the nod over the guy who's already won MVP. So maybe next year Wimby can go take it, but this year I got Shay Gilis Alexander as backtoback most valuable player in the league. Now we'll move to our defensive player of the year. And this is a funny one because I don't know who number three or number two is. I just know Victor Vimyama is number one. And there's a far gap in between two or three. In saying that, you have to have a top three in voting. And Wimy's probably going to be the unanimous defensive player of the year. Uh at number two, I'll go Chad Homegrren. I think Chad's had a great year. I think he anchors uh the best defense in the NBA. Um I think he does pretty much everything well. Like you can't pick on Chad. You put him in a pick and roll, he know how to guard the pick and roll. You go to the rim, he can block the shot. So I'm going Chad Homegrren at two. And then at number three, I'm going to go with the young fella man Thompson. I think the way he's hawkked the ball, um our man has had some limitations offensively with his shooting. And I think ultimately he'll need to continue to improve on that. But to still be as dominant on the floor without the shooting is in large part due to his defense. He's on a team that I don't think is a great defensive team and yet he takes that team to another level defensively. So, uh, get Young Fell Flowers top three this year in NV in defensive player of the year voting. I think if him should be motivation, you should be trying to get that defensive player of the year. Unfortunately for him, he comes in the NBA at a time that Victor Winam is in the NBA. It's going to be hard to go take that. Needless to say, that has to be the goal. And that's my top three. Wimby number one, a long drop off. We got Chad at two. I'm man Thompson at three. That's my DPI. Rookie of the year is one of the most interesting awards I think and for a lot of people may be one of the toughest ones to pick. I don't think it's that tough to pick, but here's my list. At number three, I got VJ Edgecomb uh for rookie of the year. I think he's been consistent all year um on a team that's dealt with injuries, dealt with suspensions to some of their main guys. He's been a consistent second option for them all year. And I think, you know, you're talking a consistent second option as a rookie. For a team that probably should have been top six, uh had some unfortunate injuries down the stretch, Joel Embiid, man, I feel so bad for Joel Embiid. Um you know, out of nowhere, he's healthy, he's ready to go for the playoffs, and then out of nowhere, appendicitis surgery uh puts him down. And man, feel awful for him. Uh but in saying that when some guys when guys go down opportunities presents themselves for other people and VJ Ecom took full advantage of the opportunity with Joel missing a lot of games with PG missing a lot of games and showed that he can be a bonafide number two option at least in this league on a good team and so got to go with VJ Edgecom at number three. At number two I am going with Cooper Flag. I think Cooper Flag had a really good year. Got off to a very slow start. Um he got off to a very very slow start. Ultimately he found his game. He picked it up. Uh he's shown the promise and why he was the number one pick. Unfortunately um I don't think they did I don't think he did enough to overtake Khan Kupple. I think Khan Canuple has been consistent all year. Um he didn't have much of a bad stretch of the season. He didn't get off to a slow start. He's averaged over 18 points, led the NBA in three-point shooting. um has been a key figure in turning helping turn an organization around. You know, uh the Charlotte Hornets are playing in a playing game. No one saw that coming and it's in large part due to the emergence of Kanupo uh as their lottery pick last year. So, he's been incredible. Um it's it's and it's affected winning. And I know everyone say, "Oh man, rookie of the year is a is an award that goes off winning." When did winning stop matter for anything? Basketball is about winning and losing. So, he's affected winning in a major way. And I think that has to count for something. On top of I think he averages three or four points less than Cooper Flag and he's winning. He's not getting the ball every play, you know. So, Cooper Flag is special. I think Cooper Flag potential is through the roof as is Khan Canopus. But, I got to go with Khan as rookie of the year. I think he deserved it. I think he was the most consistent all year and he had great moments throughout the year. He's affected winning and he's helped turn around the Charlotte Hornets when nobody thought that would happen and I raised my hand as one of the nobodies. So that's my rookie of the year. Now, moving to coach of the year, and this is a this is a good one because the potential candidates, Joe Mazula, who without Jason Tatum, uh, for the majority of the season, kept the Boston Celtics at the top of the East, uh, two seed in the East. That's got to come for something. Lost Al Horford, lost Porzingis, lost Drew Holiday, did not have Jason Tatum, number two in the East. That's incredible. JB Bickerstaff got the Detroit Pistons number one in the East. Young guys, they went through a rebuild. JB came in, took over, and continued to take those guys up. They're the number one team in the East. Incredible. Incredible accomplishment. Miss Johnson got the San Antonio Spurs at number two in the West. I don't think anyone saw that coming this fast. And yet, Miss Johnson has done an incredible job. And also, you've seen that team get better and better as the year has gone on. And then also Charles Lee. We just talked about Khan Canopo and the Charlotte Hornets and the turnaround that they've had. You got to give Charles Lee a lot of credit. He's done the job. He's done a great job. He got those guys believing. He got those guys playing well. He's found the right lineups and combinations. Uh you have to give him a lot of credit. So like rookie of the year, I think this is one of the toughest ones to pick. But in saying that, I think winning has to matter. And I'm going to go with Mitch Johnson. I think Mitch Johnson as the coach of the year. Um you just where he has this San Antonio team. Following in the footsteps of Greg Papovic, that's no easy feat. Talking one of the greatest coaches we've ever seen. and he took over and didn't miss a beat and they've gotten better and better and like I said over the course of the season they continued to improve. I think Miss Johnson is the coach of the year. This is a tough one. Very close race but ultimately I think Miss Johnson deserves the coach of the year. Six man of the year. Um the potential candidates for six man of the year, Kell Johnson, Jame Hakez, Nas Reed, Ree Shepard. I think all those guys have had really good years. Uh, however, I don't think this is a close vote. Um, I think Kell Johnson should run away with the six man of the year. He's been the most consistent. Uh, you look at their record, again, talking number two in the Western Conference. And when you hear their team talk, everyone talks about Kell, how he's the steady force, how he's one of their main leaders, all the things that he does, how he shows up every day, and how important that is to their team. Kell Johnson was a player who has been in San Antonio all these years through the rebuild, stuck with it, lost his spot, getting DMPS, battled back to become the six man of the year. Kevin Johnson, I think, is far and away six man of the year. Most improved player. Now, you all know how I feel about the most improved player award. Uh often times it goes to people that are supposed to be stars that don't quite reach the star potential and then they become or get on that trajectory and it's like oh they're the most improved. Who would fall into that category right now is Jaylen Dur and Denny Avia. However, Jaylen Dur has improved so much like so much. He's gotten better with the ball. He's become a better scorer. He's gotten stronger. He knows how to use his strength. It's hard to pick against him. Ryan Rollins, I think Ryan Rollins is definitely has to be a candidate for most improved player. He's continued to get better. Uh he was a second round pick to the Golden State Warriors, traded to the Wizards, cut by the Wizards, finds a home with the Bucks, and gets puts himself in position to be in the race for most improved player. What an incredible accomplishment. Mel Alexander Walker signs with the Atlanta Hawks in the offseason and comes out and has his best year as a pro. Um, when I look at this list, it's affected winning. By the way, they are in the playoffs, not in the play, in the playoffs. He broke the the Atlanta Hawks alltime three-point record in his first year. When I look at this list and how I feel about the most improved player award and how it usually goes to a guy who's supposed to be a star and then finally starts to become it, this list feels a little bit different. Danny Danny Avia put the work in, became an allstar. Um, you got to give them their credit, but ultimately I think NL Alexander Walker, who was also a lottery pick, uh, is deserving of most improved player. He was throwin in trades. People gave up on him. I think he deserves the most improved player award. I think he's made the biggest jump out of anybody on this list. Ryan Rollins has also made a huge jump, but they only won 20 games this year, so it's hard to give him that award over a guy who's helped his team get to the playoffs. So, NL Alexander Walker as my six man. And lastly, we got the clutch player of the year. Potential candidates are SGA, Jamal Murray, Anthony Edwards, and Tyrese Maxi. SGA had a stretch down the last couple weeks of the season, including gaming me um where he just gaming people over and over and over again. That's got to count for something. Anthony Edwards seems like every time he was in a clutch situation, he knocked the shot down. Tyrese Maxi, Jamar Murray, both clutch players, but Who did it affect the winning with the most? Because clutch you have to win and ultimately got to go with SGA as the cush player of the year as well. I think he's well deserving. I think what he's in these situations to where a game could go left, he make it go right and you just put the ball in his hands and he's going to do it himself. So, got to go with SGA as the clutch player of the year. That's a wrap for our NBA awards. Uh we will see what happens. as these awards play out. Um, it'll be interesting. But all defense teams, rookie teams, maybe we'll talk to those next time. I'm going to get ready for this Clipper game. Until next time, want to thank you all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. We need to get a win. Take it one game at a time and get in these playoffs. Till next time, deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a fivestar rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with the new media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Frezinger, and Greg Holtzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtourtney, Tim Mikl, Lauren Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at the new media and the team at Odyssey, Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Shuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gainor, and Jake Galley.
