What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we have officially made it to the NBA Finals and I will share all of my thoughts ahead of this historic rematch from 1999 when I was 9 years old. And I remember this like it was yesterday. uh watching that Spurs and Nick series, Tim Duncan, Patrick Ewing, David Robinson. It was the last for David Robinson. Um Avery Johnson, like I I I remember this. Um and now we got it in the present day and they're running back. Obviously, the Spurs took it the last time. We will see if the Knicks can take it this time. We'll also discuss what's next for the Thunder and we must talk about one of the goats, 30 Curry new shoe deal with Lee Ning. We'll get into that and much much more. Let's get right into it. Knicks versus Spurs is a rematch of 99 as I said, but it's also a rematch of the inseason Emirates NBA Cup championship where the Knicks won the game 124 to 113. Now, must be of note in that game. Wimby played 25 minutes coming off the bench. I think he was coming back from an injury. Uh he was on a mini restriction. So, he played 25 minutes and he came off the bench. Um Harrison Barnes was in the starting lineup and Julian Champany was coming off the bench. That's also different. So Luke Cornette started, Harrison Barnes started uh Wimby and Champany came off the bench. Champany due to during that time of the season he was coming off the bench. Wimby obviously to a minutes restriction. Well, all of that's changed now. Champ in the starting lineup and he just hit six threes in game seven on the road. So, you know, he's coming into this series feeling good. Not to mention, he's a Brooklyn, New York kid. So, went to St. John's, you know, so he's coming in this, he get to play in the Garden in the NBA finals. You know, he's feeling great, right? And he's in a star lineup now. Must I explain what Victor Winyama's been doing? He's now obviously playing 35 minutes a game, 40 minutes a game. The menace has climbed up there. They've climbed up and up and up and his body has stood he's stood the test headed to the NBA finals. He don't look unhealthy. He's obviously playing so he stood the test. So that changes things a little bit in this game. Also, another thing of note is the team that the Spurs were then and who they are now. They've grown up through these playoffs. They've grown up even more. But through this season, we played them earlier in the season, kind of right before this, if you recall correctly, Steph Curry had 49 and then we stayed in San Antonio and played them again and Steph Curry had 46. And so I remember playing that team. The team that we played then is not the team that they are now. That team has grown up so much and they got their lineups together and Rose like Castle's grown up even more. Dylan Harper's grown up. Victor Winyama's grown up. So, the team has it's not the same team that it was in December. However, the New York Knicks are not the same team they were in December. The New York Knicks back in December played a very ball dominant Jaylen Brunson style of basketball. That's not the type of basketball they're playing today. They're playing through Kyle Anthony Towns out of the high post. Uh Cat's making a ton of decisions. When Jaylen gets the ball, he's in the position to make a play, not just score, because Jaylen can pass the ball, you know, and he'll get you seven assists, eight assists. He'll get you 10 assists in the game. He can. And when he gets the ball now, he's just in a position to get it and make a scoring move or make a move, penetrate the defense, and kick it out to a shooter. That's the offense that they're running today, which in large part is the reason that they're still here today is because they changed the offense. Right? When you talk about Jaylen Brunson being a 1A, regardless of whether you think he's a 1A or not, is it relevant? Because on that team, he is D1A and they're in the championship and he and and and he's continued to prove over years that he's capable in spots of of being that. However, he's gotten to the playoffs in spots and teams have been able to make it really hard for him. that does not seem to be the case no more. And I do think the offense change that Mike Brown has implemented has helped. And the reason I say that is because when you look at the style of basketballs that they was playing, which is a guard having the ball all the time, ball dominant guard having the ball all the time. I think the best we've ever seen do that is James Harden play that brand of basketball is James Harden. It's the best ever we've ever seen at that brand of basketball in my opinion. That exact brand of basketball. James Harden I think is the best ever. And when they would run into us in Houston, when he was in Houston, ultimately that would become the problem. Not that James Harden was the problem. It's just that you're in front of our defense. You're in front of our entire entire defense. You're standing in front of us and now in theory, you got to go break the whole defense down because you got the ball in front of defense and you are the playmaker. So now you got to break the whole defense down because our whole defense is loaded up to stop you. And I just think over the course of playoffs when you get further and further in the playoffs and you're playing better and better teams as the playoffs go on, obviously I just think ultimately that brand becomes a hindrance because then you got to make every play. You're not as fresh as you were months ago. Even the beginning of the playoffs, you're not as fresh and you're playing against a much smarter basketball team at this point in the playoffs than you are in the first round. And so I think it gets tougher and that's why I think so when I say Jaylen Brunson being a 1A I'm saying if you going to play that brand of basketball it ain't going to be good enough. However, they've changed the brand of basketball they're playing which I think ultimately has made Jaylen Brunson even better and which ultimately has allowed this team to take off. this. You're talking a team that's won that that's that's going to the NBA finals and and they've won it's taken them 13 games to get there. The last team that I can recall right off the top of my head doing that is the Warriors. That's the last team that I can recall right off the top of my head of winning 12 of their first 13 playoff games and going to the NBA finals. I said all of that to say that's no fluke when you win 12 out of 13 playoff games. And I know last episode I was talking about it being in the East and all of that. Like I'm always talk my Yeah, y'all can cry all you want. I don't give a damn. However, winning 12 of 13 playoff games, I don't care if you're playing Sisters of the Poor, that's no fluke. It's just it it's no fluke. And so this Knicks team is clicking. They are clicking at the right time. All the pieces are falling into place. Unfortunately, Mitchell Robinson broke his pinky. We'll get into that. But I don't take this Knicks team and what they're doing right now as a fluke. I think with the changes they've made from their offensive play to the way Carl Anthony Towns is defending. Remember, I've always said the Knicks is going to struggle. You can't have two players on the court that don't defend at a high level. And that was Jaylen Brunson and Cat. it's going to be hard to win at this level if you have two players not defending at the highest of level. Well, Cat's changed that. And Cat's been defending at a very, very, very high level throughout these playoffs and especially the last two series, playing at a level defensively, like I said before, that I didn't even know he could play at because I've never seen him give that type of effort defensively. And so, it seems like something has clicked there. And in turn, now Jaylen Brunson has some limitations as far as size, quickness that's going to hinder him on the defensive end. No big deal. You know why? Because just like I talked about James Harden a couple weeks ago, you ain't Jaylen Brunson job ain't ain't to go out there and stop nobody. What he does on the offensive end, his job is not to go out there and stop nobody. Yeah, you want him to put up a fight and don't get me wrong, you want him to show some resistance and not give up a straight line drive. Yes, of course you want all of those things, but you ain't looking for Jaylen Jaylen Brunson to be your lock down defender or anything. So, but with that, when you have two guys that you can essentially just pick on on the court, it's going to be really hard for your defense. And now, if you got one guy that they're trying to pick on, you could there's so many things you can do to stop that. And so, in turn, Cass picked up his level of play on the defensive end. And between that and I think the offensive change which has allowed Jaylen Brunson to be even more elite and also I think it's been better for Cat because Cat ain't got to be this crazy scoring option yet we all know Carl Anthony Towns can score. So he's being this great playmaker and then scoring when it comes to him. He's having games where he's taking seven shots, eight shots and he's dominating the game. That's different than anything he's ever done. In his mind, he's always believed he had to dominate. He's only can dominate the game if he's scoring. Ironically, he taking seven shots and he get to the NBA finals. I'm chuckling about that because I find it funny. I find it real funny that you got a big man taking seven shots and making all this stuff happen on the offensive end and that team get to the NBA finals. I find that very funny. But anyway, when you look at this matchup, you have to ask yourself the question, can the Knicks stop Victor Win? And I think the answer is no. However, what does it look like? Because you usually don't stop star players. So, what does it look like? And what's very important when trying to guard Victor Winyama is your point of attack defense is obviously important. And that'll probably be Ojan Nobi if I had to guess. You then ask yourself the question, where do you then put Carl Anthony Towns? Earlier in the year, you will put them on Harrison Barnes. Julian Champany, you put them on him, they'll run Champagne off a pin down. It can get tough. So then, do you just switch that out, right? Like there are some things, but with putting OG on Wimby, it it it leaves the question of where do you then put Cat? The reality is at some point throughout this series, Cat's going to have to guard Wimby and he just got to take on the challenge. And you know what Cat should be thinking and taking on that challenge? Let me just put up a fight. Let me do my work early and let me not foul him and give him points from the free throw line. If he score, he score. We take the ball out. We going back the other way. And the reason that should be Cat's mindset is because we can't get you in foul trouble if we're the Knicks. Can't afford to have you in foul trouble. But also, guess what? There's not a single soul on the planet expecting Carl Anthony Towns to stop Victor Wimbe. There's not a soul on the planet. And I think that includes Cat. So with that being said, brother, there's there's no responsibility for you to stop him. There's only a responsibility of you not to give him anything easy. And in not giving him anything easy is also not fouling. Cat's been doing a better job with the filing, but it's also because he's been doing a better job of giving effort on the defensive end. See how those two things go hand in hand? Anyway, so we don't need you following him like you just about to lock him down. That ain't happen. Nobody's expecting that. It's not what you're here for. But we do need you to not give up anything easy during your time on him. However, the primary responsibility will be on OG. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89%. and a developer called Intersection Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion, bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a reggg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atari hotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atari hotels.com. When starting and maintaining a business, it can seem like your to-do list keeps growing and growing with new tasks. Finding the right tool that not only helps you out but simplifies everything can be such a gamecher for businesses. That tool is Shopify. They're the commerce engine behind millions of global brands and 10% of all e-commerce in the US. So they know exactly what it takes to grow. You can skip the tech headaches by using their design studio which features hundreds of readytouse templates to make your store look professional from day one. They even help you work smarter with built-in AI tools that can write your page headlines and polish your product photography in seconds. And if you ever feel lost, their awardwinning 247 customer support is there to get you back on track. It's time to turn those whatifs into with Shopify today. Sign up for your $1 per month trial today at shopify.com/grmon. Go to shopify.com/grine. That's shopify.com/graymon. When is Victor win most dangerous? The only and most simple and only correct answer is in the paint. When Victor win is in the paint, there's not much anyone can do except make him make the shot over you. That's all you can do. Well, in specific of Victor Inyama being in the paint, when he is in the paint and he's right near the rim or rolling towards the rim, it's when he's at his most dangerous. He's probably the most dangerous live threat in NBA history. So then what becomes as important, if not even more important than your point of attack defense, it's actually is more important if you ask me. What then becomes most important is the size around the point of attack defender for Wimi. And the size around the point of attack defender for Wimi is not ideal Jaylen Brunson at 6'3. Very ideal Mikel Bridges at 68. Ideal Josh Hart at 66. And ideal Carl Anthony Towns at seven feet. ideal Mitchell Robinson at seven feet. Not as ideal, but could get by Landry Shamid at 64. Not ideal. Deuce McBride at 61. I said all of that to say the size around matters because when Wimby's rolling OG anobi's then going to have to play some pick and roll coverage which is where this this matchup can get dicey because I OG in pick and roll coverage. OG's used to guarding a guard and pick and roll coverage to then go from guarding the used being accustomed to guarding guards mostly who move around to having to guard a live threat who actually happens to be the probably the best one we've ever seen. It requires a different skill set. So with that and OG having to guard the guard your next rotation, I mean, excuse me, having to take the guard some in the pick and roll, your next rotation guy and the size that that the height and length that that guy is matters so much because if if it's Jaylen Brunson that get caught on that tag every time, there's there's nothing you can do cuz they going to throw it up to Wimbby and he can't impact the ball at all. He's too short. Michaelel Bridges can impact that pass. Mitchell Robinson, Carl Anthony Towns, um Josh Hart, they all can they can they can have an impact on that pass. They can affect that pass in different ways. They can affect that. They can stop the lob possibly. So that's where it becomes so important because if you don't have size and they're just throwing to the rim at W to Wimby then you don't stand a chance. So the size around the point of attack defender becomes as important when guarding Wimby as anything. and the New York Knicks actually have the size and length to have an effect on the loss which is Victor which is when Victor Winyama is his most dangerous and I think that's key in this game not ideal at all Mitchell Robinson breaking his finger um if there's anyone that can break a finger and still be effective at their game and what they do it's Mitchell Robinson but it's not ideal him one week leading up into the NBA finals to break a finger, break a pinky. It's not ideal because number one, people going to attack the hell out of that hand. Uh you just prepare your see Mitchell like God's going to attack that hand. But number two, Mitchell Robinson could possibly be your best defender when guarding Wimby. At least if he's not your best defender, you can at least use those six fouls because they give you a different look, right? You're talking athletic, you're talking bouncy, you're talking l a completely different look than what Carl Anthony Towns give defensively. And when you got great players like a Wimi, you need sometimes to throw that change and look up at and I don't know how effective or how much this is going to impact Mitchell Robinson. um you know will he reach with that hand or will he try to go with the wrong hand and put him out of position right like those are the type of things and the ways that it can impact Mitchell Robinson so we'll have to see but it's unfortunate because he would have been one of the better defenders on Mitchell Robinson now you talk about who's going to guard Wimby flip the coin who's going to guard Jaylen Brunson and I think that answer is none other than Stefon Castle that's who Steph Castle's in. He's guarding the best player. He just guarded the MVP of the NBA. You know, he's roll and beat them in seven. Held him in check for pretty much the entire series. You know, he's rolling in on a high and he think he coming in to take Jaylen Brunson completely out the series. He thinking if I just did this to Shay, what do you think I'mma do to Jaylen Brunson? That's what he's thinking. Now, where this matchup could skew towards San Antonio is Jaylen Brunson plays much bigger than he he is. Jaylen Brunson has a post game. He takes smaller guards to the post. Jaylen Brunson get into the paint, he bump you and create space. He's elite at all of that stuff. So is Stefon Castle at Garden. He's fast. He has the size. He has the strength. He has the mentality. And so this matchup is key. This matchup right here is really key. And I think Stefon Castle is built to guard Jaylen Brunson. But Jaylen Brunson's smart. He always figures out a way. But Steph Castle is built to guard Jaylen Brunson. And he plays in that mid-range area. Now, that's where Shay plays. Jaylen Brunson will shoot the three a bit more, but I am really keyed in on this matchup. Really keyed in on this matchup, and I think it's going to have a large impact on what happens in this series. You have to ask yourself, who's the swing player for both teams? It's Julian Champany. Um, it's Dylan Harper, but more importantly, you need a great Dear Fox. You need De'Aran Fox to step up this series. You're going to need a good Fox for the Knicks. Josh Hart. Will Josh Hart swing the series? Will he shoot the ball well like he did when they were playing off of him against the Cavs? when they were playing off of him against the Pistons, will he shoot the ball? Well, how does he play offensively? Josh Hart likes to get to the paint. Wimby being in the paint. How does that affect that? Right. So, I think that could neutralize Josh Hart possibly with Wimby being at the rim. Josh Hart got to beat Wimby down the floor. Wy runs the floor well. Right. So, that could affect his swing status. Mike Bridges has been playing great. I could see Mike El Bridgen swinging this series for the Knicks, right? I could really see him swinging this series for the Knicks. So, you're talking two teams that ain't been to the finals in a while. And pretty much most of the players with the exception of Harrison Barnes, Luke Cornette, and Oiana, a young OGA Nobi in Toronto. Game one of this series is extremely important. And if I'm the New York Knicks, I'm coming in like, yo, I need to steal this game one right away. These guys are coming off an a very emotional game seven win over the defending champs. We've been at home resting. They may be a little tired. We need to pounce game one. We need to put fear in these boys game one. That has to be the mindset for the Knicks. Now, here's the thing. The Knicks last game won when they had the long layoff, they should have lost. And this Spurs team ain't the Cavs. They give this Spurs team a 20-point lead. I I don't think they're coming back. So, with what happened in game one of the Knicks, like last series, I think you got to wonder if they're going to come out with that same hangover. You got to wonder if the Spurs are still going to be a little vulnerable because they're riding a high that game seven win. So, it's two interesting dynamics here that could work against both of these teams. Ultimately, who's going to figure it out and take game one? And quite honestly, I I think I'm going to go with the more experienced team. I'm going to go with the New York Knicks to take game one. I think ultimately when I say the Knicks are going to win, I think the Knicks actually cause more matchup problems for the Spurs than the Spurs cause for them. in particular. We spoke about the Knicks changing their offense. Well, if Carl Anthony Towns is out at the top of the floor and you have to guard him with Wimby, all of those that curl action and all that stuff going on, they're going to be in the paint getting layups and dunks. For Wimi to go from the top of the floor to get all the way back to the rim with a shooter like Carl Anthony Towns, that causes matchup problems. And I don't think you can put Devin Vel on Carl Anthony Towns like you did Chad Homegr. I'm also going to go with the New York Knicks to win this series. This is a series that can go either way. I think this series can go either way. I think ultimately the New York Knicks are more primed and ready right now than the Spurs. Spurs still ain't been through nothing. They ain't been through much, right? And so now granted these series again, these series they age you fast, right? So they're not your typical young team anymore because these series you go through in these series and they age you fast. So however the Knicks, they got to be feeling it. They got to feel good about it and they got to go still game one. And like I said, I also think they win this series. However, for the Spurs, this is the potent potentially the beginning of something that can go on for a very long time. For the Knicks, you have to wonder if they don't win, how long can they keep the core together? But it's looked so great through these playoffs that you probably got to give it another year. So, I actually don't think it's make or break for either team, but it could be your only chance at winning a championship. You never know. We all think the Spurs are just about to start this run, but we all said, "Okay, OKC is going to win for the next seven years." And there it is. Someone else creep up fast and boom, just like that. Everybody's talking about OKC and how everything's going wrong and which we'll get into. Right. Just like that. That's how fast it changes. Just like that, people jump off the bandwagon and don't want to see you win anymore. Just like that. So, we'll see if this is the beginning of something for the Spurs, if this is the end of something for the Knicks, or if it's the beginning of something for the Knicks. And the Spurs going to need to retool a little bit. Not retool, but like may need something to get over the hump. We shall see. Father's Day is right around the corner and if you're still figuring out what to get the dad in your life, I've got you covered. This message is sponsored by Raycon. Raycon's essential open earbuds have been a total game changer and it feels like they were made for dads. Whether he's out for walks, around the yard, or just never indoors, these will get used. These earbuds sit just outside your ear canal, giving you incredibly clear sound while keeping you aware of your surroundings. They're super light with a rotating ear hook, so they actually stay put and stay comfortable no matter what the day has in store. Going to the gym, running errands, being around my house. I love these because I can hear what's going on around me, but still have a great sound. Raycon has over 3 million customers. Sound quality that rivals the most expensive brands, and a 30-day guarantee. Now is a great time to buy because they're 15% off. Upgrade your dash everyday routine. Go to buy rayracon.com/draymonopen to get 15% off. Thank you Raycon. It was announced that I will be joining the inside the NBA guys for game three and four live from New York City from the garden. I'm excited as hell. Um what an opportunity man to be on TV doing the NBA finals. um still a player, but for anyone in media to have the opportunity to do something with the NBA Finals is special. So, I'm excited as hell. I'm expecting these Knicks fans to be crazy excited. I'm expecting them to be jumping off the wall. They've been waiting for this for 26 years. And for me, myself personally, I catch a lot of flack from Knicks fans. So, I'm actually expecting to get a very warm welcome as I walk through that arena. But it'll be fun and I'll have fun with it and it'll be great. But man am I honored that I'll have the opportunity to do games three and four live from the guard. So I'll see you all there and I may wear an all orange Nick suit like Spike. We'll see with that. There's been a lot of chatter of what's next for OKC and there's been so much talk about oh my god what do they need to do? Do they need to trade chat? They need to get rid of Lud Dort. They need to do all these things. And it's crazy, man, how people flip because Chad had an awful series and I did not love the the way it went, right? Like you watch it and it just wasn't enough. Like, bro, you got to go down swinging and and it just didn't feel like C went down swinging. So, for that, I understand criticizing C and all of that, but acting like he's just a bum and he should be traded. Like I thought I thought all of that talk is ridiculous and premature and it's the exact way that franchises set themselves back and never grow. that so many it's the exact reason that so many franchises don't have the ultimate success because most franchises actually panic and do what everyone's saying they should do which is oh man we got to trade Chat right now man was just second in defensive player of the year voting all defense first team all NBA third team um allstar are and he have a bad playoff series and everybody like up time to trade him. And I just can't understand for the life of me why that's always the first thing everybody say. If you just going to trade a guy when they go through a rough time, how do you ever build anything? Y'all going to have GMs calling Sam Presley like, "Oh man, we'll take Chad and Sam not gonna even like what?" hang up in their face like not trading chat hungry. I found it crazy that everybody's just like, "Oh man, this guy need to be traded." Like really? What about how about this guy need to go back and get in the lab and get better and go work on his game because this guy just exposed all your weaknesses and showed everything that you need to get better at. What about the criticism of he need to get back in the lab this summer and be motivated and get better? Why is it we need to trade him? Like these takes, they they just seem to get a little lazy at times to me. Like trade them? Why why is all of a sudden everything always about a trade up? Trade this guy, trade that guy, trade. Like what? I just don't understand it. So, no, I don't expect Chad Holm going to be traded. They will have to make some moves because I also don't foresee OKC paying $250 million in salary and taxes next year and going into the second April. I don't see that either. So, they will have to make some decisions. Maybe Lud Dorp, maybe Hardenstein, maybe trade Joe, maybe trade Wiggins. Like, they're going to have to make some tough decisions for sure. Maybe they trade them picks because if they if they sign their 12th and 17th pick and they keep those and draft those players, it's going to cost them in the first year of those salaries $80 million over the course of those two players. So maybe they do some of that stuff, but the whole trade check home, it's blasphemous what he did this year. He had a rough go against arguably the best player in the NBA right now currently. Arguably people, some people going to argue it and we should trade him. You ask yourself the question, well, if we trade him, who are we getting back that's going to be better suited to oh, I don't know. So, come on. Let's stop with all the trade talk. Get back in the lab. Get better. Be motivated this summer. You wouldn't get to where you at if you weren't that guy. And then take your shot. But never go down without swinging again. You got to go down swinging. Can't go down without swinging. But trade chat home. Enough guys. Enough. You know how much I love staying locked in, energized, and completely focused. But let's be honest, caffeine just got a massive muchneeded flavor upgrade. 5-hour energy shots are bringing you tasty caffeine in a variety of bold flavors. It gives you as much caffeine as a 12 oz premium cup of coffee, but with zero sugar and absolutely zero sugar crash. Right now, I am absolutely loving how they reimagined the classic popsicle with firework freeze 5-hour energy shot. We are talking juicy cherry, citrusy lime, and candyike blue raspberry. All combining together to create a bold flavor explosion in every single sip. It is the exact iconic freezer pop flavor you crave with none of the sugar, making it the perfect portable, hassle-free treat whenever you need a quick boost. You can spark a tasty flavor sensation with these five shots today. Ignite your taste buds with a firework freeze flavor 5-hour energy shot. now available online at 5hour energy.com or Amazon. Now it's time for us to move around the NBA. And first and foremost, we must talk about Steph Curry signing a shoe endorsement contract with Chinese company Lee Ning. What I do know is that the agreement will include basketball products, athleisure lifestyle wear, the ability for Steph to sign male and female athletes under his Curry brand, as well as a full golf line, which I know that probably sold him more than anything. Um, Lee Ning also plans to build Curry brand stores in the United States and in China. One factor that was key in his decision to go with Lee Nine, they said, was the comfort while he was testing the shoes of two of their signature athletes, Jimmy Butler and Dwayne Wade. And I know that to be factual because one and how they treat those guys because one big thing when Steph signed with Under Armour way back in the day was actually how they treated Kent Bazemore and the sneakers that Kent Bazemore was wearing and Steph tried the sneakers and he saw how they was treating B. That was one key thing that he saw when he was signing with Under Armour. So, I know that this was key in him uh signing with Lee Ning. And I know a lot of people are like, "Yo, why Steph signed with a Chinese company?" Well, number one, Lee Ning is one of the fastest growing shoe brands in the world. Um number two, uh the opportunity for him to grow Curry brand globally, the market in China, um life after basketball for him, uh like this this deal. checks all of those boxes and I'm happy as hell for him. I think this is groundbreaking. Also to sign a $400 million plus sneaker deal. um allegedly at 38 years old is unheard of, which just lets you know the weight that the name Steph Curry carries, which lets you know that the presence that Steph Curry has, who he is, what he is, what he stands for, that they're willing to sign this a 10-year deal. What's he going to play? Two or three more years. Amazing. Absolutely insane. So, shout out to 30. Incredible. Another one. Incredible to see, man. Congratulations, brother. Job well done. Another bag in the bank account in the books. Something. Goddamn. It's dope. The Magic hired Spurs associate head coach Sean Sweeney as their new head coach. And something to note, number one, uh Jeff Van Gunnani was a finalist, Billy Donovan was a finalist, but something of note that's interesting and brewing in this magic organization. John Hammond, who I actually have known since I was young kid, high school, uh because he was assistant general manager with Joe Dumar back in Detroit, drafted Giannis to Milwaukee. Jeff Welman, magic president of basketball operations, scouted Giannis in Milwaukee. Sean Sweeney worked closely with Giannis in Milwaukee. What's the theme here? I know everybody's going to say, "Oh, they're going after Giannis." No, I don't think that's the theme here. I think the theme here is Paulo Ben Carol, France Vagner, but more so Apollo Ban Carol. I think the theme here is let's bring Shawn in because he knew how to work with Giannis and he knew how to bring the best out of Giannis. Help bring the best out of Giannis. He can help bring the best out of Pablo Berrow. Jeff Welman scouted Giannis. Some similarities with Paulo Benero. John Hammond drafted Giannis. A lot of similarities. Paulo Bancerero. So these guys ultimately laid the foundation for Giannis to ultimately win a championship in Milwaukee. So you look at your roster as the Orlando Magic and you're like, "Huh, we have a Giannislike guy in Pablo Ben Carroll that we think can be a Giannis like guy. Let's surround him with people that knows what it was to for Giannis to become Giannis." And so that's what I think of his hire. Obviously Sean Sweeney has done a great job. He's been on great staffs. He was with Dallas, San Antonio, Milwaukee. He's been on great staffs. his name's been coming up quite a few years now in head coach searches and I think the overall thinking of this is obviously you think he can be a good head coach but I think the overall thought here is these people in this organization including the head coach can help guide and steer this guy named Pablo Ben Carol to becoming like that guy and so overall I like the theory which makes it a good hire. Now you got to go do the job. Got young talent looking to take that next step. He just work with a young team that's take that took that next step. So all the pieces align which makes it a great hire but it's only a great hire until it's not. So good luck to Sean Sweeney. I think he can do great with this roster. Good roster. Bane, Pablo, France, Wendell, Wendell Carter probably need to make some moves. We'll see. But until then, it's a good hire until it's not. But I actually think this is going to be a really good hire for Orlando. Sean Sweeney has just climbed and climbed and climbed and he's been on some great staffs with great teams that's done well and I think he'll be a great head coach. So, we shall see. But overall, I think a great hire. I want to thank you all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. We'll be back Friday. Until then, deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a fivestar rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think. And it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with the new media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Finger, and Greg Holtzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtourtney, Tim Mikl, Lauren Vieiera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at the new media and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gainner, and Jake Galley.
