What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we'll pretty much get into every game one of the second round. There's not much else going on around the NBA right now. Um lottery coming up this weekend, but that's a story for another day. Let's get right into it. This episode of the Draymond Green Show is presented to you by Kyolic. Stay tuned for the rest of the show where I'll tell you about their brand new ready-to-drink pre-workout beverage. We're going to get into all the second round series, but first, we're going to start the show today with the rapid-fire warm-up brought to you by Kyolic and their new creatine EAA booster drink. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. First up, Masai Ujiri hired as president of the Mavericks. I think this is a great hire for the Dallas franchise. Obviously, we know Masai can put together a championship team. We know he can draft talent. Drafting in the Scottie Barnes, drafting a Pascal Siakam amongst others. So, you know, we know he has an eye for making big trades and traded for Kawhi Leonard. Making trades that most people wouldn't make, you know? And so, I think this is a great thing for the franchise, especially, you know, you're trying to navigate. You got Kyrie, you got Cooper Flag. Uh you know, where do you turn to next? I think they bring the right guy in. And you know, when he goes to these places, he has a lot of control. So, um looking forward to seeing what Masai does in Dallas, but I think this is a great hire for their franchise. Rajon Rondo and Darvin Ham potential candidates for the Pelicans job. Um you know, I like the fit of both of these guys for different reasons. I think Darvin's going to bring A, having head coach experience so already, coaching a guy like LeBron, coaching a guy like Giannis. Uh you know, I think when you look at like a Zion Williamson, a Derrick Queen, I think, you know, especially Zion, I think he can use some of that experience in coaching guys like that to help out Zion. Uh, you know, I think he's going to give those young guys confidence, you know, and so I like that uh from that perspective for Darvin Ham. And then for Rajon Rondo, Rajon Rondo is one of the smartest basketball minds in around the NBA over, you know, come through the NBA over the last 25 years, you know, and so know he's a film head, studies the game. Uh, he got a up-close and personal look this year uh with Doc Rivers and, you know, being around and not been quite being a coach, but being in the meetings and different things and learning. And I think he can also uh help unlock those young guys. I also think uh Rajon Rondo can really help like a Jordan Poole. Like I think he can help him from a confidence perspective. I think he can put Jordan Poole in situations to be successful and kind of help him get back to playing uh to the level that everyone knows he's capable of. So, I like both of these guys for different reasons and I don't think you can go wrong with either one of the hires. And lastly, we want to rank the best home court advantages for the teams left in the playoffs. Number one is for sure OKC. Uh it is crazy in there. They get loud. They only support their team. I'd have to say they're number one. The only reason the Garden isn't number one and I have to put the Garden number two is because as an opposing player, you get excited about playing in the Garden. So, as crazy as the Garden is, you're in the Garden. Like so, you get effects of that crowd as the home team does because you're in the Garden, man, and you want to show out and you want to uh do that to Spike Lee and all these different things. Like so, the opposing team gets a boost from the Garden as well. That's why I can't put them at number one and I put OKC at one, I put the Garden at two. San Antonio at three. Uh San Antonio fans are wild. They've added this student section like thing. They're They already had a great crowd and they've added this student section like thing with Wemby. So, I'd have to give them number three and then we'll give our top four round out the top four. What up though? I got to go Detroit. It's the the city is happy about uh the Detroit Pistons being back in the playoffs and I know they're rallying around the Pistons. So, I got to go with Detroit as the fourth best home court advantage left in the playoffs. Thanks to our friends at Kayak for sponsoring the rapid fire warm-up. I'm feeling ready to go and you'll feel ready for your workouts with their brand new creatine EAA booster drink. This Swiss engineered ready to drink pre-workout beverage has a dual chamber cap from V-Cap that keeps the creatine, caffeine, and other ingredients separate until you open it. Just push the cap and it mixes right in. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. May is Mental Health Awareness Month, a reminder that whatever you're going through, you don't have to go through it alone. Life is a journey. Some days feel great, others feel overwhelming and it's easy to feel like you have to figure it all out yourself. I've had nights where my thoughts won't slow down, but none of us have all the answers and support can make a difference. BetterHelp connects you with licensed therapists who follow strict standards. They match you using a short questionnaire and their experience to find a fit and you can switch anytime if needed. With over 30,000 therapists and 6 million users worldwide, it's the world's largest online therapy platform. Rated 4.9 from over 1.7 million reviews. You don't have to be on this journey alone. Find support and have someone with you in therapy. Sign up and get 10% off at betterhelp.com/draymond. That's betterhelp.com/draymond. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89% and developer called Intersect Development who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion. Bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a reg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. The Knicks destroyed the 76ers 137 to 98 in game one. And listen, this is the second game in a row that they have won by more than 39 points or more. That's no fluke. Uh that's tough to do in the playoffs. Like, you got to give these guys a lot of credit. I think once they lost that game in game three, uh where they let the game get away, uh the Hawks came back, you know, it was kind of embarrassing the way they let that lead get away. And the Hawks came back and won that game. And I just feel like after that game, they found something. Like, they've been pedal to the metal since. The defensive game plan, they've been dialed in defensively since. And that carried right over into uh this Philly series. Like, they cover everything. They were trying to get the ball back to the pocket of Joel, they couldn't. The guard was jumping in the way, getting steals. They throw They're throwing double teams at Joel. You know, it's causing turnovers. They're getting off to the races. And it ultimately really helped their offense, you know, and and obviously led to a blowout. But, I'm going to tell you another thing the Knicks have done that I think is very sustainable in this playoff run that takes a lot of pressure off Jalen Brunson and then just allow Jalen Brunson to get to it. Had 35 on 67% shooting last game. I think you can make it tough on Jalen Brunson if you overuse him and just have him trying to get it the whole time. I think you can put some guys on him that can make it a little tougher. The way you combat that, and I think what Mike Brown is doing a great job of, is you don't have him with the ball all the time. When it's time to get a bucket, when you're going in transition, yes, he's still getting to it. But he ain't just got the ball the whole possession. What they're doing and what's been great is they're running the ball the their offense through Cat. A little above the elbow, kind of out of a high split, you know, Cat's flashing up, he's catching, and he's making all of the plays out of the high post. So then when Jalen Brunson get the ball, the whole defense ain't keyed in on him. You got OG coming off curls. Like they've been running this kind of spread-out offense with Cat getting the ball in the high post. And Cat's been dropping dimes. Uh he's been playing incredibly well, and I think that has unlocked other guys on this team. Also, you're not just you're not overly relying on Cat being this 30-point-a-night scorer. But he's giving you that type of production. And it's very meaningful production, and it's also helping everyone else get off. And I think that's been the key uh to this next group, man. It It's been looking beautiful uh because you get in the playoffs and they just key in on Jalen Brunson, and it gets tougher and tougher. And the way he played the other night, I think is and been playing is I think is in large part due to they're running this offense through Cat. The defense aren't The defenses aren't able to just key in on him with the ball. He's not in front of the defense the whole possession. And I think it's really making a difference. Uh you know, um so I got to give these guys a lot of credit. Like they they they are looking serious. You got to tip your hat to the to the tip your cap to the Knicks. Now, I will say is Knicks fans, I saw y'all after game one. I saw y'all got JR surrounded and all this stuff. You know, I'm just saying you cannot celebrate these things like this. I've told this to y'all before. You have a parade after you win a second round. How you going to win the conference finals? We had the parade already. So, I'm just telling y'all Knicks fans, I know that it's been a rough go and I know it's taken a while. Um but don't blow it because you're making it about yourselves and your tough journey. And I'll I I I'll tell you a little secret, Knicks fans. Those current players don't give a about your journey before. They don't give a damn that all of those teams before was getting their asses kicked. Those current players that it wasn't them. They don't give a damn. So, stop celebrating, you know, and doing this for about for yourselves, Knicks fans. The game ends, go to a bar, go home, go drink, go do whatever you're going to do, but stop having these melees and these parades outside of the garden, man. You I I like how do you keep your team hungry if you having a parade for second round wins? Y'all y'all got to stop this, man. I don't know how to tell y'all to be winning fans, but act like you're winning fans. Act like you've been there before, Knicks fans. This ain't no shade to y'all. I'm just trying to I'm trying to help. Y'all all say Draymond hate the Knicks. Why the hell would I hate the Knicks? Never played the Knicks in a playoff series. I don't care. Just trying to help. I'm here to help, guys. Stop the celebrating. Game we won by 40. There's a melee outside. Stop it. Enough, Knicks fans. Jesus. Give me a break. I think the series is going to get a little spicy uh after VJ Eschon viral clip uh where he said that's all he's doing in regards to Jalen Brunson foul bait. Listen, play clean defense, play physical defense, guard drive, show your hands, meet them with your chest. They allow that type of physicality in the playoffs. Start getting your hands in there. It's tough. Get the Get the big up to the level of the screen. This is where it gets tough with Joel guarding the ball screen with Jalen Brunson. Jalen Brunson come off, Joel don't get all the way up to the level of the screen. Jason Jalen Brunson come off, he put that guard in jail. Now he take off, the guard go to He do all that type of stuff. So, the only way to combat that is to get your guys up to the level of the screen. Now, I said before, you may have to put Joel on a different guy. You may have to have Joel really guard in Josh Hart and live with Josh Hart shooting a three because you got to put somebody else in that pick-and-roll with Kat and you got to put somebody that's going to be up at the level of the screen. If you're not up at the level of the screen with also with you be up at the level of the screen with Drummond, you be up at the level of the screen with Bol Bol plays. But on Kat, I told y'all man, PG may have to take on that responsibility because it's not that he can't stop Kat from scoring. It's that all the other things and actions that they then get into that puts Joel at a disadvantage defensively. So, uh that is one of the ways that you can help yourself, VJ Eschon, and the Sixers with the with the foul baiting if you will. Um Get up to the level of the screen so he don't have them angles to come off, get you on his back and do all the trickery. That's how you combat that. Joel Embiid also took offense to Mikal Bridges running to uh his side where he got the appendectomy. He said post game, "I don't know if it was dirty or not. I don't think it was necessary, but we move on. It's whatever. It's playoff basketball. I guess we got to be more physical, too." And do it, too. And I would say to Joel, absolutely, you most definitely do. Um I'm not mad at Mikal Bridges for doing that because if you're not healthy, you shouldn't be on the court. And as a defender, um if you know a guy got an injury, you know, everybody got mad at Dillon Brooks last year with Steph. I'm like, I can't I can't get mad at that. If you know a guy got a bad thumb, you going to hit that thumb. That's just the way it goes. That's been going on for years and years and years in the NBA. It's going to go on for years and years longer. That's just the way it goes. You let someone know you have an injury, which is a lot of times I try not to report all my injuries because you let somebody know you have an injury, they're going to attack that injury. So, it's unfortunate. Appendectomy is a pretty serious surgery, but can't blame Mikal Bridges, you know, to me Listen, he ran directly into him. He didn't try to he dodge it. He ran straight smacking to him. So, is it dirty? No, I wouldn't say it's dirty. Is it intentional? I do think it's intentional. So, as I said, I think this this series is going to get spicy. You know, when you're talking like that, when you're upset about those things and you're upset think they're trying to hurt you, series going to get a bit spicy. One thing I can assure you though, Knicks is playing great. Won't be a 40-point win in game two. You know, Philly rode in, they're coming off their high horse they beat Boston. Now, here's another thing, too. Philly could just be like, man, we got over the hump that is Boston and bow out. Now, I hope not to see that because I hate to see guys quit the play, but they could be mentally like, man, woo, we finally beat Boston. And they could lay down now. Now, I hope not. Want to see a good series, but you know, hopefully it ain't another 40-point win. They better get guys up to the level of that screen. And they better figure out this this double team on Joel. What they got to do is all those catches on the post, delete them, get rid of them. Too easy to double. He has to operate from the top of the key, from the free throw line area, put shooters on the side to negate those double teams. Then you get you get them turning back, Maxey coming downhill, they're doing their thing, but those post touches recipe for disaster cuz he was struggling in the pass out of them doubles. It created some turnovers, which then allowed the Knicks to get out and run, everybody feeling good, and you get steamrolled. So, see what type of adjustments they make, but in another game one, the Timberwolves shocked the Spurs 1 104 to 102 in game one, and I see everybody like, oh man, it's over for the Spurs now. And listen, I'm not calling it over for nobody after game one. Um Victor Wembanyama broke a postseason uh single-game record with 12 blocks. Finished the game with 11 points, 15 rebounds, 12 blocks. You got to give uh Rudy Gobert a lot of credit, man. Rudy Gobert been defending his ass off these playoffs. Put on a great performance for six games versus the Joker uh in the last series, and then he comes out game one, and he holds Wemby to 11 points on 17 shots. 0 for 8 from the three, 5 for 17 from the field. That's incredible work, man. That's incredible work. I was a little worried about that match-up, but like I told y'all last pod, I said this young fella, he know his game. That means something. Can Wemby I told y'all the story. Can Wemby say you? I'm done with you. I know I'm not not I'm done with you, but it has to be you right now. It can't be no friends. I don't want to talk to you. Don't talk first to me. Don't do none of that. We enemies right now. It has to be that. If not, you going to get big bro. That's just the way it goes. Got to beat him. And you know, there was a lot of chatter about Wemby's blocks. Listen, I've been said, you know, some of those blocks when we played them, like some of them blocks be goal tending, man, and they never call them. Some of those were a little egregious. They get on the backboard, come off foul. Like some of them was a little egregious. I heard people like, oh, either his blocks were a block were goal tending or a foul. Listen, I'm not going to go that far. There were a couple. There were a few good blocks, but some of them were some fouls. Some of them were some goal tends. What I will say is, you win unanimous uh defensive player of the year, you should get a little more respect now. He been getting disrespect before he won unanimous defensive player of the year, but listen, they got to figure out a way to referee that better because what's going to happen is guys going to keep seeing that and then you're going to get a guy going crazy and then they're going to tech the player for being pissed off because they know it's a goal tend. And that's not right either. So, they do have to they do There is an onus on the referees to figure out a better way of fish ficiating this. And I know coach uh Chris Finch agree. He said, you know, Wemby had a lot of blocks. He said he had a couple uncalled goal tends. Those are valuable points where he'd to have those back and I understand it, coach. You going to need those points. Uh so, they need to get a better hand they need to get a better grip at officiating whether it's goaltending or blocking, but nevertheless, impressive. I love the way they moved Wemby around. They did not leave him just in one spot so he could wreck the defense. Sometimes he was on the wing uh having to be in the shell, sometimes he was on the block. Like they were moving they they brought him into actions and screen like they And another thing that I thought was brilliant. Most people say, "Yo, let's uh let's space out to get Wemby away from the rim." And so we need to space out to the three. The Minnesota Timberwolves did something completely opposite which I thought was incredible. They kept a guy in the dunker the whole time. And anytime they were in the dunker, they were engaging Wemby's body. They were ducking in even if they weren't getting the ball, they were ducking in. So now a drive happens and they got him sealed off. They were just getting layups. I thought that was brilliant by the Minnesota Timberwolves. Would love to see how the San Antonio Spurs going to combat that, but the Minnesota Timberwolves have found something with putting him in that dunker and ducking him in every play because he couldn't get off. And although he was blocking shots in the first half, remember he had what? Nine in the first half or something like that. Second half, they was ducking him in, he couldn't get to it. And he was exhausted. Wemby seemed to be tired uh last night, man, and wouldn't have that same defensive activity in the second half that he did the first half. A key to that though could be wasn't scoring, wasn't feeling good. Sulking a little bit. And not that he was sulking or putting his head down, but I'm saying you you feel sorry for yourself. And so that could be a key to that as well, but like I said, you still got to give Rudy Gobert his credit there. Ant-Man returned to for the first game of the series. He had 18 on 62% shooting in 25 minutes, 11 points in the fourth quarter. Uh Mr. Clutch himself didn't win the clutch award, but has been very clutch. Uh listen. When Ant-Man is on the floor or available, it just does something else for the confidence. And I got to take my hat off to him. Uh he he played an incredible game. I think the thing that y'all tend to forget is Ant-Man really ain't played much in the last 2 months. You know, he missed most of the last 20 games of the season or 15 games or whatever it was. Played in a couple games last series. He hasn't played much basketball over the last 2 months. To see him have that type of rhythm, I thought was impressive. To see him get through it, you saw him grabbing at the knee a few times, I thought was impressive. But shout out to Jaden McDaniels. Jaden McDaniels has taken his game to another level on the offensive end since Ant-Man has been hampered, and he's continuing to show that confidence, and I think that's making all the difference. And also give that young fellow Terrence Shannon Jr. credit. Young fellow shot out of a cannon, and he going to the rack every single time. Probably had a couple layups that should have been called goal tends. Uh but I love what he said after the game. He said he going to have to keep blocking it cuz I'm going to keep going. And if you got a coach that got confidence in you and telling you to keep going and keep going at his chest, you keep doing that. So, the young fellow been a good X-factor for them. And you know, I love I love watching his growth. A lot of fans and media questioned Miss Johnson's decision not to call a timeout during the final possession. Listen, that's always a delicate subject. And And fans and everybody's always going to say, "Oh man, you didn't call a timeout." Uh if you missed the shot. If you make the shot, they say, "Oh, look at him. He had faith in his team. Didn't call a timeout." And look what happened. He made that shot. So, that's just the way That's just the way the game goes. What I will say about that though, I loved the way all those guys answered it. Everybody answered it the same way. They said our best three-point shooter got a wide-open flyby. They all used the term term flyby. Had a flyby, wide-open three, he just missed it. We taking that shot. Dillon Harper said, "I'm taking that shot 10 out of 10 times." Uh De'Aaron Fox broke it down and said, "That's our I'm taking that shot." You know, ev- everybody said the same thing. Miss shots the same thing. Love how them guys just lockstep on that. Give your guys confidence. Don't be surprised if Julian Champagnie come out lighting everybody up. The confidence they just gave him through those media interviews. So, I respect it. I love that they didn't call a timeout. They got a great look. You call a timeout, they get their best defenders out there, it becomes much harder to get a shot off. Maybe you go for two, but again, nothing's guaranteed. You will take a flyby, wide-open three from Julian Champagnie for the game. If you don't, then why is he out there on the floor? So, kudos to those young fellas for standing together like that. I love that. I got to tell you about something that really excited me. It's a new drink called Kayaks, and it's the first ready-to-drink creatine that actually works. It's got some serious credibility. It's Swiss engineered, super clean, and completely sugar-free, and it even picked up a global innovation award this year. What makes it different is how they solved a problem that's been around forever. Normally, creatine in liquid form breaks down over time. So, by the time you drink it, it's not doing much. Kayaks uses a smart dual chamber cap from V-Cap. That keeps the creatine separate until the second you open it. You press the cap, everything mixes fresh, and you're getting a full clinical dose right then and there. And it's not just about creatine. It's got essential amino acids, citrulline to support endurance, caffeine for focus, plus betaine, electrolytes, and plant-based ingredients to help with hydration and recovery. For me, especially before or during long demanding work days when I need consistent energy and focus, having something like this all in one place just makes sense. I'm not someone who hypes every new product, but this one really stands out. Ka'Chava Creatine EAA Booster. Visit kaex.com to discover more. That's kaex.com. If you're trying to keep up with the NBA playoffs right now, you already know. The games are kind of everywhere. One night it's on ESPN, then the next game you want to watch is on ABC or NBC. And suddenly, you're bouncing between apps trying not to miss tip-off. It can get overwhelming fast. That's why I've been liking Sling. It's one of the most flexible live TV streaming services out there, and it really lets you watch the playoffs your way. If you're mostly trying to catch the ESPN games, their passes are a great option. You can grab a one, three, or seven-day pass depending on what you need, which is perfect if you're following a specific matchup or just tuning in for a big weekend. And the best part is there are no long-term contracts, so you're not locked into anything. You can watch on your terms, however you want. Learn more at sling.com. Business beat the Cavs 111 to 101 in game one. Uh the Cavs had to has had the most turnovers through eight playoff games since 1996 with 141 turnovers. Uh the Cavs starting five all played terrible. Um you know, James couldn't really get it going. He got it going there in that fourth quarter and brought them back and gave them a chance. Uh Jaylen excuse me, Jarrett Allen uh had an awful game. Uh he was in foul trouble from the beginning. Didn't like the intensity that he played with from the beginning, a couple ticky-tack fouls. Uh Evan Mobley wasn't good wasn't good either. I think they're going to have to play one of the two bigs, but it it it didn't look great out there today. But what I did tell y'all, Dennis Schroder setting the tone. And the Cavs had nothing going, and Dennis Schroder came out, and he was chill the first half. You know, he was doing his thing, pushing the tempo a little bit, not getting into it, nobody get a bucket, run back, softening those guys up. And then, what he do the second half? Trying to fight, stand, push Jarkel down, walk over him, start talking junk to guys. I'm telling y'all, man, I told y'all Dennis Schroder X-factor in this series, and he gave them a good chance today. They're probably going to have to find some more minutes for Dennis Schroder, uh because this is just his type of series. It's a physical series. The Detroit Pistons is a physical team. It can get nasty, and you want Schroder in that. So, man, uh they need to give Schroder some more, but I I I told y'all. I I knew exactly how this would go with Dennis. Another thing I I I think uh the Cavs are going to have to adjust is Cade Cunningham is going to have his way with Dean Wade. Uh I'm not sure how much you're going to be able to play Saddiq Bey, uh or Saddiq Bey, uh or uh Dennis Schroder probably should get all of those minutes. Um but I I I you may have to switch Dean Wade out of that starting lineup and go Tyson because Dean Wade don't stand a chance against Cade. Uh he going to have a rough go. Uh and Cade got to his spots. Cade 23 and 7. Not Not crazy, but he was just so in rhythm, and like everything was just so easy. You know, he got those dimes uh in the fourth quarter to stop the run and get Jalen Duren going just because like there was no He was unfazed by Dean. Like there's no pressure. He getting downhill uh uh you know, drop off boom like lefty like you know, I I just think he was so unbothered by Dean Wade. I don't know that that's going to be the answer. So, they're going to have to take a look at that uh match up. I don't I don't love that match up. In an ideal world, you would think like, "Yo, they're probably going to need to play through their bigs more because the the strength of the Pistons defense is Ausar Thompson, you know. Um Cade Cunningham is a good defender. Like, the strength of their defense is on the guard guard stuff, so you know, I would um I would want to say got to play through Mobley, but he was you know, he got to be more physical, too. Like, you got to want more of that smoke, you know. And so man, um the Pistons should have won this game by a much larger margin, but if you're J.B. Bickerstaff, you're very happy about that. One tough thing is to blow somebody out in game one. The the New York Knicks is going to have the you have this issue face this issue. Can they overcome it? We'll see. But you blow a team out in game one, they come back game two, they're pissed off, they're on your ass. You know, and so if you're J.B. Bickerstaff, you're like, "Man, I'm happy we won 111 to 101. I'm happy the game got close and we closed it out cuz now we know we need to approach the game with the same way we started. We need to maintain that focus." Right? And so if you're J.B. Bickerstaff, you're happy with that. Uh Dennis Schröder will need more minutes and they're going to have to figure something out with Dean Wade because he is not bothering Cade at all. Our last game of the night, the Thunder beat the Lakers 108 to 90 and Chet has his second straight double-double with 24 and 12. Listen, I think like I told you all before, I think uh LeBron's going to have to guard Chet. I just think with his physicality, his smarts, um he'll be the only person on their roster that will be able to bother Chet at all. Uh love how they were sending a double team at Shai. They never really let Shai get into a crazy rhythm, but those guys got a great team, man, and they capitalized on that. I I did um speak about, you know, I thought this Lakers team would be better suited playing around LeBron because he going to just slow it down. He ain't going to try to get in a pissing contest with the OKC Thunder, you know. And because of that, you know, it keeps turnovers low. Um, you know, it allows them to keep it a half court game as opposed to trying to get in this running game with the young OKC Thunder. And it was working and then they had that stretch where they start turning the ball over. And once they start turning the ball over, those are going to be layups or threes. And so, got to keep the turnovers down. Uh, felt like those happened at times where Brown was in the corner and off the ball. But, any chance, man, if they want any chance, Brown has to man the game the whole game. If he doesn't, they won't have much chance. Now, you lose by 18 points and Shai have 18 points. That's a tough one, you know. So, uh, I think their depth is far too much for the Lakers to handle. Um, but, you know, LeBron looks comfortable. I got that they're not going to do nothing to speed him up. He'll be fine. Uh, he can get those guys into the things that he want to get into, but you cannot have those stretches of turnovers because those are points. And, you know, when you make mistakes against OKC, they make you capitalize. It reminds me of the old Spurs team. So, you know, they got to play As I said before, they they they got to play a perfect game to win. And I don't see a perfect game in the near future. Now, it's time for the Sling Shot of the Night brought to you by Sling TV, the most flexible TV streaming service. Watch the NBA playoffs on ESPN with a Sling one, three, or seven-day pass starting at $4.99. Learn more at sling.com. Tie score, five minutes left, Cade with three beautiful passes for dunks for Jalen Duren on three straight uh, trips down the court. Take the lead and go back up six after the Cavs had went on an 11-0 run. I thought that was absolutely incredible. Not only did it stop the run, not only were they getting downhill and getting for sure twos, but I feel like it might have you hope it unlocked Jalen Duren a bit. Came out more aggressive, um which you can appreciate. He rebounded the ball extremely well. But the way Cade got him them dunks down the stretch, I think can really get him going, can really open things up for him. So, shout out to Cade for getting this getting this guy going. Uh it was good to see Jalen Duren get those dunks down the stretch. It separated, you know, that was the separation needed in the game. And you know, he provided that getting those dunks. So, you know, Cade dropped him off, spoon-fed him baby food, and he finished his breakfast. So, that was the scene shot of the night brought to you by Sling TV. Sling puts the consumers in control with their flexible subscription options. Want to watch one game or even a full series on ESPN? Grab a 1, 3, or 7-day pass starting at $4.99. If you want to watch as many games as possible, get a monthly subscription with their combo package. Either way, Sling lets you watch the playoffs your way. With no long-term contracts, learn more at sling.com. Want to thank you all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. We will keep you locked in on these playoffs. Until next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Lea Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephine Francis, Hillary Shuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galle.
