What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, it's a mailbag edition of the show, so I'll be going through your questions, answering everything that you the great fans want to know about everything that went down during the NBA Finals, and then especially the historic game four. So, let's get right into it. If you're a dad like me, or if you're single, or if you're at any stage or age in your life, you have probably been worried about health care. Figuring out insurance, finding the right doctors, making appointments, it can make you feel stuck. When I learned about Solace, it felt like the resource I wish I'd have from the start. Solace match you with a dedicated health care advocate who steps into the mess with you. A Solace advocate can find the right doctors and schedule appointments, fight denied insurance claims to get care approved, and make sure all your doctors are actually communicating with each other. They can even join your appointments remotely, help translate complex medical language into plain English, and break down test results and treatment plans so you know exactly what's going on. You connect with your advocate by phone, text, email, or video call them through the platform. These are experienced health care professionals include nurses with years in the field, and they've already helped tens of thousands of people get better care. Go to solacehealth.com to see if you qualify. It takes about 2 minutes and is covered by insurance. That's solacehealth.com, must be 18 or older. Advocates do not provide medical or legal advice. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89%, and developer called Intersection Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion. Bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a Reg A Plus with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. First up from SFG_Love, thoughts on Wemby being one flagrant away from a suspension. Uh Listen, I'm not one um that wants to see series decided by suspensions. That's not good for anyone. Leaves a lot of questions, a lot of what ifs. So, I I I don't enjoy that. Uh I I will say he's been shown a lot of grace. Um he probably should be suspended at some point uh or have been already. Uh he's been shown a lot of grace, but I agree with the grace. We want to see Victor Wembanyama and the San Antonio Spurs versus the New York Knicks. Not the San Antonio Spurs sans Victor Wembanyama versus the New York Knicks. So, I agree. And I wish the NBA would just come out and say, "Yeah, most cases this probably should be a suspension, but it's not because we want our best in the NBA Finals, and that's the way it should be." And I agree with that. From Willie, did you agree with the NBA that Wemby's game three shove of Brunson's head wasn't a flagrant foul? No, I disagree. It was a flagrant foul. Um however, like I just said to FSG_Love, who wants to watch the NBA Finals with Victor Wembanyama not in the San Antonio Spurs play? Nobody. So, that's a business decision, and I'm sorry to tell you all. I know I probably should be like, "Man, that's He shouldn't." That's the right decision. From Mason, what are your thoughts on this play from Wemby that is getting a ton of traction online? So, the play that we're talking about is the play where Wemby looked like he attempted to kind of jump into OG Anunoby's leg while he was setting the screen. I don't know why anyone would be jumping on a screen like that, but here's what I will say. Victor Wembanyama is a great player. Victor Wembanyama is a European player. And I've been on record saying European players are dirty and everybody's like Draymond shouldn't say that and I told y'all no, Draymond will you up. I'm not dirty. It's a completely different thing and I don't think anyone that I play against would tell you, man, he dirty. No, I ain't dirty. That's a different thing. I will mess you up though. Victor Wembanyama is a European player. They are a bit dirty. It's why beating France in France was such a big deal. Europeans want to own our game and they are a bit dirty. And so I've said this before and everybody's like Draymond shouldn't say that. He can't say that. He's dirty. No, I'm not. I will mess you up for sure because you deserve to get jacked up. Completely different thing than doing sneaky dirty stuff. So, listen, I don't know that he was trying to take him out. I am not smart enough to say, yeah, that's for sure what he's trying to do, but I know Europeans do things a little differently on the basketball court and I'm just going to leave that at that. From @tyler_5 .o, which player in the finals reminds you most of yourself? Um I don't know that anyone in these finals uh remind me of me per se because I I I just think I do things a little bit differently. Uh so, I wouldn't say anybody. I think you could take bits and pieces of some of the guys and like what they're doing, but I wouldn't say anyone really remind me of me and what I bring to the table. But that's just me. From John, did OG save Josh Hart's career? He definitely saved his life as a New York Nick because if Josh Hart missed that layup and then give up the offensive rebound foul two free throws for Castle that lead that they end up taking the lead and they lose that game Ooh, man, Josh Hart and Jalen Brunson, they have a lot of fun in press conferences stuff. That was coming to an end. Unless they went on to win the series anyway if they lost that game, but man, that was a bad moment for Josh Hart. Josh Hart always finish in transition. And Josh Hart always does the right thing and he missed both of them. And by the way, the free throw box out could still be him or excuse me, the box out from the shot could still be him thinking about the missed layup and just like things it spirals. It's a domino effect and so he should be happy OG figured it out for him cuz man, that was not Josh Hart's finest moment. From @PeytonMcNeil30, who's the most surprising player that stepped up this series? I say Jose Alvarado made a big impact. Uh OG's playing great, but OG have been playing great all playoffs long. He didn't play great last series because he was coming back from that injury, but he's been great all series long, so I can't say OG. Dylan Harper. Dylan Harper continues to show how special he truly is. So, that's who I would have to say is the most surprising stepping up the way he stepping up as a rookie. I'd have to say Dylan Harper. From Danny, when you had a license Sohan out there in the second quarter, what was that more to protect the Knicks stars from extra fouls or was that to give Wemby a different look? Honestly, it's a little bit of both. Uh it's so that Cat and Mitchell Robinson doesn't get in more foul trouble, but the Knicks were searching for anything. So, it's also like, "Yo, we got this guy who's practiced against Wemby since he came into the league. Let's see if he can get out there, change the pace, mix it up a little bit. Maybe he get into it with Wemby and him up. Who knows, but you just want to throw a different look out there because let get give Wemby a different look than he's seen cuz great players figure things out after a while. You know, so I think it was a mixture of both, but ultimately um I think Sochan got the nod just because they expect him to know that team a little bit more. And you draw on that and honestly I think he helped change the momentum of the game. They started switching everything. Him and OG were switching on Wemby. Started to change everything. All of a sudden they weren't getting downhill and getting those kick-out threes and the threes came harder and they started missing them and so I think it he had a positive impact. From Richard, if Iguodala won Finals MVP in '15, should OG win it this year? Listen, I think these are two separate cases. I think OG is playing a totally different game than Andre was playing, but I do think OG has been the most consistent and he's averaging 24-25 points in this series. I do think and made big plays down the stretch. I do think as of right now he's the Finals MVP. Jalen Brunson played great last night. One more great game from Jalen Brunson, it could be Jalen Brunson though. So we'll see, but OG's definitely right up there as the frontrunner for certain. From King, why are people not talking about Kat tipping the inbounds pass on the last play and saving the game for the Knicks? That would have been a game-winning alley-oop dunk. Yeah, I think um it was a great play. Great play for sure, but the reason people aren't talking about it is because OG Anunoby had the defensive stop and OG Anunoby had the tip-in. And so that's the play that's going to draw all of the um praise from everyone, but if you're a basketball purist or a teammate or a coach, you know. And I think you know, you know how important uh tipping that inbounds pass was for Castle to get a finger on there and stop that that alley-oop from going in. From LaTroy, who's the best basketball mind on inside the NBA? Ernie. Honestly, who's the best? I don't know. Everybody cuz people go about it a different way, right? Like the way Kenny goes about his analysis is different than Chuck. The way Chuck goes about is different than Shaq. Ernie only chimes in on the basketball every now and then. He kind of let those guys do their thing. So, I don't think it's a matter of who's the best basketball mind. I just think they all go about it in different ways. And And then also you have to understand they all have different vantage points, right? Like Shaq's vantage point is different than everybody's. The way Shaq see the game is different than anyone because of the way he played the game, the way he saw the game his whole life is different than Chuck. The way Chuck sees it is different than Kenny. And so, I also think you get a mix of that of like these guys also just see the game completely differently, which ultimately makes for a great show, which is why it's arguably the greatest basketball show ever created. Do you see a Westbrook trajectory for Castle? No, I don't. I think they're two completely different players. Um totally different players. Number one, I don't think y'all realize how big Stephon Castle is. He's a legit 6'5 6'6. And so, I think they're just completely different players. Um Stephon is more pace, Russell's more force downhill. Both get to the rim but in different ways. So, no, I don't see that trajectory. Now, if you're talking about superstar and then all-stars and all that, you know, Castle definitely can become that but as far as trajectory, as far as their game goes, I think they're different. From Adam, seeing these two finals teams, how do you think other teams around the league are thinking about their roster construction and what they need to do to compete? I think every team is just thinking we have to get bigger. Have to get bigger, have to get stronger, have to get faster. Ultimately, that's the takeaway for me. You have to have guys who can put the ball on the floor, have to have guys that can defend their positions, you have to have guys that can knock down shots, you have to have guys that are bigger, stronger, and faster. From Rob, what advice would you give the Knicks about being up 3-1 in the finals, man? Don't take it for granted. Don't read all the things that say you up 3-1, it's over. Finish your breakfast. And and more importantly, from a pride standpoint, put together a great game. If you're the New York Knicks, you're like, "Yo, we're up 3-1. We still haven't played a great great game. Let's make our last game our best game. Let's make this our last game. Let's make this our best game." That would be my advice. From Dylan, I'm going to a wedding tonight at game five. What do you think is the best method to go about watching the game? Listen, um leave the wedding while the game is on, if you want to focus. If you just want to kind of glance, pull it up on your phone. There's a bunch of apps. I won't promote them all cuz they're not paying me, but um there's a bunch of apps where you can watch it. Me personally, I'd watch them walk across the aisle and get the hell out of there. But, you're you and I'm me and we're different, I'm sure. From Caden, I'm a San Antonio fan. What can I tell myself to regain belief that we can still win the series? The only thing you can tell yourself to regain belief is that, "Hey man, somebody at least came from back down 3-1 in the finals before." Because um sorry to tell you, Caden, more than likely, this one's over, my friend. From Gil, which player's career will be most altered from this series, for good or bad? Uh you could say De'Aaron Fox with what happened, but I'll tell you who, Jalen Brunson. They win this series, king of New York forever. OG Anunoby. Karl-Anthony Towns. Mike Brown. Those are the people that are being impacted more by this series, because they bring a championship to New York City, man, the love they're going to get is insanity. So, I'd say it's all of them and it's for good. From Sean, how did your diet change at all in the off-season? Uh, you know, not as strict for a while and then you pick it back up, but not as strict for a while. Um, have some chips, some candy here and there, but you know, uh, just not as regimented as the season. At the beginning of the summer, you kind of let go of the rope a little bit, but not completely. Uh, but just give let yourself indulge a little bit, then you got to lock it back in. From Eliza, what's the movie you've watched the most times in your life? Uh, man, that is a great question. I've watched Coach Carter a bunch. I've watched Remember the Titans a bunch. Lion King. I've watched Lion King a bunch. From Sir, if you could recreate Inside the NBA with three other players from your era, who would you want alongside yourself and Ernie? Man, that is a great question. Players from my era. I think KD. You all have to see some asinine statements from KD. You know why you're going to see asinine statements from KD sometime? Because he's a lot like Shaq. The way you see the game, no one else can like even begin to think like that because you're 7 ft and you move the way you do. It's a lot like Shaq. Sometimes Shaq be like, "Well, you just got to go do it." And Chuck be like, "No, Shaq, we can't just go do it. You can." KD's a lot like that, man. The way he see the game is completely different because he's so gifted. And not that he don't know basketball, by the way. When I'm saying that, I'm not saying they don't know basketball. I'm just saying they see it differently. Uh, so I would say KD, Anthony Edwards. If Anthony Edwards were to retire, that would be fun, entertaining. That'd be a good group. I'll say those two. Steph Curry. Steph has a brilliant basketball mind and Steph is funny. I don't think y'all get the chance to see that side of him. Uh but that would be fun. That'd be fun. Klay would be funny, but Klay Klay has no interest in doing TV, I don't think. That could change, but I don't think he has any interest. From Ethan, who's the best player you've ever seen that didn't play in the NBA? Man, DeAndre Hewlett. Um And these are guys that didn't have a long run. Was drafted Terrence Roberson, Romar Smith, Corey Hightower, to name a few. Those guys were insane. From Marcus, what are you most excited for this summer that isn't basketball related? Honestly, just spending time with my family. Spending time with my kids. I'll get to see a couple World Cup games with my son. He loves soccer, so that'll be fun. So, I'm really looking forward to that. Last but not least, before we get out of here from Travis, if you could steal one of these skills, which would it be? Steph's shooting, Kyrie's handles, or Blake Griffin's bounce? And of course, it's Steph's shooting. Uh he's the greatest shooter ever. If I could steal that, good riddance. I'll take that any day. Steph's shooting, for sure. No questions asked. You guys know how much I value my routine. But honestly, maintaining that peaceful daily ritual gets a lot harder when you're on the go. That's why I'm so relieved by how easy it is to travel with the all-in-one nutrition shake thanks to Kachava's new travel packs. You can just throw a pack or two in your bag as you're heading out the door, and you know you're supporting your wellness even when your normal routine changes. Kachava helps support all-day energy, keeps digestion regular, and fuels muscles with plant-based protein that actually tastes delicious. It's all the nutrition your body craves, packed to go with greens, probiotics, omegas, electrolytes, and more. Available in six fan-favorite flavors like chocolate and matcha. There are no artificial colors or sweeteners, no fillers, and it's completely non-GMO and gluten-free. You can even try Kachava risk-free with their love it guarantee. Take your daily ritual with you. Go to kachava.com and use code Draymond for 15% off your first order. That's Kachava, kachava.com, code Draymond. This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. Dads are superheroes, and while we celebrate them, let's also remind them to check in with themselves. A lot of men grew up without examples of openly talking about emotional well-being, instead learning to just push through. Carrying everything quietly takes a massive toll, and dads deserve real support. I know firsthand how intense the pressure to always hold it all together can be, especially during demanding seasons. But opening up is what actually keeps you grounded. Therapy helps you process that stress and communicate more openly. BetterHelp makes finding that support simple by doing the initial matching work for you based on a short questionnaire. With over 20 years of experience, they typically get it right the first time, but you can switch therapists at any time. They're the world's largest online therapy platform, having served over 6 million people globally with fully licensed therapists. Fatherhood comes with a lot of pressure, and Men's Mental Health Month is a reminder that you don't have to carry it all alone. Find support in therapy. Sign up and get 10% off at betterhelp.com/draymond. That's betterhelp.com/draymond. Thank you all all again for tuning into the Draymond Green Show. I hope I answered your question. There will be more mailbag episodes throughout this summer, so if you didn't get yours in this time, get it in next time. And until next time, deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holtman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Laura Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephine Francis, Hillary Shuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rolls, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
