What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, there's nothing else to talk about except the New York Knicks are NBA champions. Got to show love to the champs. I'm going break down the game a little bit. Uh but more so share some big picture thoughts on the Spurs, the Knicks, although there aren't really any big picture thoughts. But anyway, let's get right into it. I enjoyed watching the game yesterday a little bit differently than I watch most games. Most games I actually tuck myself in a room and watch the game by myself or with one or two of my boys. Um, and I just sit and watch and I analyze and I try to pick apart what it is that I'm seeing. Uh, what adjustments are being made? Uh, how are, you know, the first couple things you're looking at is how are they gardening star player? Is it different from last game? Um, how are they guarding screen and roses? Is it different from last game? Uh, offensively, what are they trying to do? Is it different from last game? Um, and you're trying to do those things. Yesterday for game five, I watched it completely different. I watched it at the bar. um having a couple drinks, enjoying the NBA finals of it, if you will. Kind of stepping outside of oh man, just tucked in this box. Uh trying to break down the nerd aspect of it, if you will. I usually watch it like a nerd. I I watched it a little bit more as a fan yesterday and I enjoyed it, but I wanted to watch it as a fan because it's history possibly. Um, and I didn't want to spend history tucked in a box analyzing everything that there is to analyze. I wanted to enjoy history. The New York Knicks has not won uh NBA championship until last night in my lifetime. Um it's the Knicks, right? Like it's it's the New York Knicks. And so I I if if it was going to be history, I wanted to watch history from a from a place of enjoyment. If I'm not involved in making the history, I I wanted to enjoy it. And so I watched it at a bar. Um, like most people watch games or like a lot of people watch games when they're watching to enjoy it. I'm not usually watching an NBA game to enjoy it. I'm usually watching NBA game as a student trying to learn. But I wanted to do that differently. So, I watched it at the bar. And before the end of the game, I left the bar and came home and watched the last seven or eight minutes at home on the couch and then history. And I then wanted to watch history alone because I felt like I needed to hear what people were going to say. Then there were some things that I needed to watch, which I'll get into uh later in the episode, that I needed to really be able to see. So, I enjoyed it. And then I needed to be able to be a nerd and watch the down the stretch, watch how people react. And like I said, I'll get into that. And the reality is in watching it from that standpoint, u it was enjoyable. It was enjoyable because a you're seeing some guys do something for the first time. Anytime I watch guys win a championship um after winning championships, the the the most fun is watching guys win for the first time. You know, there may be a guy on the team that's winning for the second time or third time. Watching the guys, including when we've won championships after the first, watching the guys who are winning their first championship, there's nothing more enjoyable because it simply take you back to your first one. The emotions of it, watching their emotions, it take you back to the very first time you experience that. When you're watching a guy win their second one, it doesn't take you back to the second time that you experience. But watching someone win their first championship, it takes you back to the very first moment that you became a champion because you're like, damn, I remember that feeling. Like that's the feeling that I remember. Jaylen Brunson was doing an interview and and and she said, put it put it into words like uh Lisa Salter. She said, "Put it into words." Like, "Explain to me how you feeling." And he said, and and my first thought was, "He can't put it into words." As soon as she asked the question, like, "He can't put that into words." And sure enough, he started like, "Uh, and try and was like, I don't know. I don't know. That's I don't know how to I'm feeling right now. I don't That's the truth. And so when you're watching guys win for the first time, it's that it's I know exactly what he's thinking. I know exactly how he's feeling. He don't know. And by the way, for the next two or three weeks, he ain't going to know. And that's what's so beautiful about it. I always say when you win a championship, you get like this two or this two or three week period in life to do whatever the hell it is that you want to do. And everybody like h they just they just celebrate being a champion. And I think it's such a great grace period because for two to three weeks you have no clue whether you're coming or going. It's just like this cloud that you like sitting on top of this cloud and it's like you're floating and like you finally fall asleep drunk and you wake up and it's like this cloud still and it happens over and over and over again. And so that two, three week grace period is actually needed because you're just like in La La Land. So when Jaylen Brunson said that, I felt it and and then watching someone win their first one, I feel like that's why I watch it because you you're always able to reconnect to that moment and remember the first time you were able to accomplish that. And it's the most incredible feeling. So the emotions that I have during the final minutes and watching them, I'm like, yo, they they're about to be like they're about to win. They're about to win this. Like they're about to win the championship. And it's so fun to watch. It's so fun to experience watching Jaylen Brunson enter that club. Watching Carl Anthony Towns enter that club. Watching Josh Hart enter that club. Mike El Bridges enter that club. That's the fun in it. And so that's why I watched the game the way I watched it yesterday. And watching that, it take you back, man. What they doing after? I know what they probably doing after. They're in San Antonio. They were in New York City. There will be one of the spots set up banging for them that night. They're in San Antonio. So that'll take place tonight in New York City. But what are you doing in San Antonio? I won my first championship in Cleveland. Very similar. When you win a championship, nobody in that city, unless you're in like Miami, nobody in that city wants to see you out party. I'll be honest, in Cleveland, I didn't even feel safe leaving the hotel to go try to party. No chance. So, I asked myself, what are they doing tonight to celebrate? Probably at some restaurant that they take over, probably in some ballroom, Boston. Um although Boston I will tell y'all when we won in Boston there was a club underneath the Boston Garden. I had no idea it was there. They took us some back way and down and we was in this club till like 4:00 5:00 in the morning 5:00 in the morning. Then we went back to Boston to the hotel, the Four Seasons, and flooded the ballroom and had a good time. And the ballroom, let's just say things that you would never do openly in a ballroom that that would like no hotel would allow you to do that. At that time, you're you're doing it. Like if you you know big ballroom it's in the open so tame your thoughts but you know I'll leave it for the imagination. Ballroom stink badly anyway. Um like or they're probably in a ballroom at Lock and Terror. If they're not staying at Locket Terror, then maybe they're staying at the Thompson like they're probably in a ballroom. It's the most fun you're going to have in a ballroom or a restaurant in your life. So, it takes you there, right? In Cleveland, we were at a Morton steakhouse on top of the table. DJ the whole nine having a blast on top of the table in Morton Steakhouse which is connected to the hotel going crazy. So I'm like yeah they got to be doing this. You don't sleep. You leave at like 7 or 8:00 in the morning to head back. You don't sleep. It's no you get on the plane. You sleep for the hour trip back from Boston was 6 hours. You sleep at some point during there you crash and you get off and it's time to go again once you land. For them it's a shorter flight from San Antonio back to New York. Two and a half maybe three hours. That's where you catch the sleep at. So again it takes you back to all of those moments. Cleveland Morton steakhouse. It's like wow what a time. And so, shout out to the Knicks players. I know they just had one of the most fun nights of their lives. It's only going to get more fun, more and more fun. New York City, I don't know what they'll do. Miami, maybe. Vegas, maybe. However, it's in New York City. There's really no better place to go. It's New York City. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89%. and a developer called Intersection Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion, bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a reggg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atari hotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atari hotels.com. Father's Day is right around the corner, and if you're still figuring out what to get the dad in your life, I've got you covered. This message is sponsored by Raycon. Raycon's essential open earbuds have been a total game changer and it feels like they were made for dads. Whether he's out for walks, around the yard, or just never indoors, these will get used. These earbuds sit just outside your ear canal, giving you incredibly clear sound while keeping you aware of your surroundings. They're super light with a rotating ear hook, so they actually stay put and stay comfortable no matter what the day has in store. going to the gym, running errands, being around my house. I love these because I can hear what's going on around me, but still have a great sound. Raycon has over 3 million customers, sound quality that rivals the most expensive brands, and a 30-day guarantee. Now is a great time to buy because they're 15% off. Upgrade your dash everyday routine. Go to buy raycon.com/jayonopen to get 15% off. Thank you, Raycon. Jaylen Brunson going to take the finals MVP. I know there was a lot of talk about the finals MVP and would it be OG early on it was cat Jaylen Brunson ultimately left no debate that he was the finals MVP for sure where he throughout a series I always talk about player swinging series Bridges had his time Noi had his time Jose Alvarado had his time. When it all came down to it, Jaylen Brunson did exactly what closers do. All right, nobody else can get it going in this closeout game. Game five on the road. I get it. Scored almost half the team points, 45. Leave no debate. Leave no doubt. You ask yourself, what did he prove to the basketball world? Everything. Everything. He left no doubt. There's nothing anyone can do or say that leaves any doubt. He did the ultimate thing. Oh, and by the way, I'm going to give y'all 45. Get out of here. Go home. That's cool. It's over. Enjoy. It's been real, guys. Peace. Oh, by the way, y'all ain't going to come shake my hand. No problem. What's the first thing Jaylen Brunson did? Beline to Miss Johnson. Shook his hand. Respect. Much respect. I would have loved for the Spurs players to be there for him to shake their hand. They walked off. That was disappointing. Bit disappointing. The reason it was disappointing is because when you go mono to mono a mono, toe to toe, blow forblow with a team and they get the better of you. Those that become champions, look them in their eyes and say, "Respect, congratulations. Welld deserved. And then you go to the locker room. That's what those that become champions do. When guys just leave the court and can't face me and AV, one our assistant coaches, we always we always look your killer in the face. Look your killer in the face. You got to look them in their face. By the way, if you leave the court and you don't look me in my face and I just beat you, I actually know that I own you forever because you couldn't even look me in the face. And so to see them walk off the court, it was disheartening. And we I I blame it on youth. I blame it on lacking the leader to show them that, hey, this is what you do, not walk off. I blame it on that. I blame it on that. Lacking the leadership, the leader to show them that no, no, no. There's a way to win and there's a way to lose. There's a way to win and there's a way to lose. And walking off the court not looking your killer in his eyes ain't the way to lose. And I've witnessed that before. And those that I've witnessed from, they went the wrong way. They never they they didn't really go the right way. They they actually went the wrong way. That ain't cool. I don't like that. I don't respect that. I hate it. I hate when people do it. And I hated to see those young Spurs do it because I actually think they're capable of doing something special. Like I think they have some pieces that are capable of doing something special. But when you talk about being capable of doing something special, I think what what people always take into account is the talent level. What most people don't take into account is the actual reality of it, which is injuries happen. Different things happen. All types of things can take place that can change the course of what we think we see ahead of us. And one of the most important things in winning a championship you need is good fortune. And sometimes when people you look and people are on a journey and you're like, "Oh man, I see where that's headed. That's going here." and misfortune happens and there's nothing you can do about it. And sometimes we look and we say, "Damn, that sucks. That should have never happened to them." But we don't look back down the line and see where that misfortune could be coming from. And a moment like not looking your killer in his eyes in the NBA and saying, "Yo, congratulations. Respect." Some I I've seen it with guys. it it some misfortune and no one ever points back to that moment and be like yo there's some misfortune here that this is where no one ever points back everybody's just like ah tough break cuz of sports ah it's tough break but I'm a firm believer in you create your luck and so I just didn't like that and I would urge those young spurs refers to man. Reach out to Jaylen Brunson however you can. Reach out to Carl Anthony Towns however you can. Reach out to Josh However you can and tell them them dudes congratulations because you want great fortune. When you trying to go on a a run, build a dynasty, all these things, even win a championship, you need good fortune. So, I would urge those young guys to reach out to them boys and tell them, "Congratulations, man. It was an honor competing against y'all. I hope we get to do this again. When we do this again, you don't have to say this part. When you do this again, I'll be more ready." That's just a thought, right? But I I I urge those young fellas to do that because you don't want to up your fortune. You want good fortune. It matters when you're trying to go on a run. It matters a lot. So, I'mma urge them. Y'all missed the opportunity last night. We all got social media. We all got cell phones. Make it your business to get those guys information. Reach out to them and tell them congratulations. It's worth it. Cuz that that that ain't cool. You know, traditional old banks love charging you monthly fees and hit you with crazy overdraft penalties, but Chime is changing the way people bank. They offer feef free banking built for you, not the 1% with thousands of fee free ATMs because you shouldn't have to pay to access your own money. Honestly, my younger self would have benefited so much from this. By upgrading your checking account to Chime, America's number one choice for banking, you unlock up to $1,150 in annual rewards just by using direct deposit. We are talking stacked benefits, 5% cash back on your Chime card in the category of your choice, premium travel perks like airport lounge access, and a 3.75% APY savings account that grows nine times higher than the national average. Plus, you can access up to 500 of your pay early with my pay and overdraft up to $200 fee free with spot me. All backed by USA Today's five-star rated 247 human customer service. Chime is not just smarter banking. It is the most rewarding way to bank. Join the millions who are already banking fee free today. Head to chime.com/grine. That is chime.com/grine. It only takes a few minutes to sign up. Chime is a fintech, not a bank. Banking services for My Pay and Chime Card provided by Chime's bank partners. Optional products and services may have fees or charges. Stated annual percentage yield and cash back for Chime Prime only. No minimum balance required. Checking account ranking based on a JD Power survey published October 20, 2025. For more information on APY rates, my pay spot, and travel perks, go to chime.com/disclosures. The summer heat completely changes how I dress. I just want pieces that feel lighter and more breathable. Clothes that are effortless but still make me look put together. That is exactly why I keep coming back to Quint. They focus on high quality essentials like breathable linen and ultra soft organic cotton, giving you those well-made basics without the ridiculous luxury markup. You'll definitely have to check out European linen button-downs. They are the ultimate warm weather upgrade and start at just $34. Personally, I love the t-shirts. Quinc has incredibly soft tees and lightweight cotton sweaters that are perfect for those cooler summer nights. Honestly, everything they make is priced 50 to 80% less than similar luxury brands because they partner directly with ethical factories, cutting out the middleman entirely. Plus, they go way beyond clothing with premium bedding and cookware. Elevate your summer wardrobe. Go to quint.com/grmon for free shipping on your order and 365day returns. Now available in Canada, too. That's qui.com/grmon for free shipping and 365day returns. quint.com 2014 Golden State Warriors lose in game seven to the Los Angeles Clippers. I hated the Clippers. Well documented. I hated CP so bad at that time. I told them boys, "Congratulations, y'all. go get it done. Congratulations. So did everyone else. Unbeknownst to me, Germaine O'Neal, who's I think that was Jo's last year playing, who's a client of Bob Myers when Bob Myers was an agent, is now on our team. And Bob Myers, the GM, goes and tell Bob Myers, "Bob, don't get rid of this group. Don't Don't let this group get away from each other." Bob, what are you talking about, man? We just lost game seven of the of the playoffs. First round. Bob, I've been in this league for a very long time. Supposed to win a championship, didn't. Wasn't supposed to win a championship, didn't. Was supposed to, didn't. I've seen it all. They know how to lose. What? They know how to lose. They'll be all right because they know how to lose. There's a way to lose and keep going. And there's a way to win and keep going. There's also a way to win and go back. There's a way to lose and go back. And what they did is a way to lose to go back. To Germaine O'Neil's point, 2015, we become champions. No, we didn't become champions because we shook their hand, but it's it's about who you are. In order to win a championship, you have to be a certain way. And so I urge them to reach out to those guys and say congratulations. I saw Miss Johnson go say congratulations. Follow your leader everybody. Mike Brown out coach Miss Johnson. Miss Johnson right away. Congratulations. By the way, one coach going to get out coach, one coach going to do the out coaching. It's a 50% chance because it's two of them. It happens. It happens. That ain't Mike Brown first time in the NBA finals. Not as a head coach, not as any type of coach, but it's not. He's won championships as an assistant. He's been on the stage as a head coach. He did it. Shout out to Mike Brown. Congratulations, Uncle West. Congratulations, Mike Brown. He did out coach. He's been in the situation. He know the mistakes that he made before to learn from from this time. Much respect. Miss Johnson got to grow. Of course, it's a second year head coach, first full year. Of course, he got to grow. It's okay. This is going to fuel him so much to get better. Now, you got film. You got real time data. Like, ah, it could have been a I can go watch. Okay. Yeah, that's okay. Mike Brown, the timely substitution, making making Jose more important to the series, using him, understanding his importance. Miss Johnson never took Fox out, never made an adjustment, never inserted Castle into the starting lineup. Right. I respect you rolling with Fox and rolling with your guys. I respect the hell out of that. I think there's a time where you may need to see, ah, let's just see what happened. But it wasn't all Fox fault. Fox had a tough series. Yes, he did. No question. I think a more veteran coach would be more willing to say, "Ah, I'mma see what happens. I'mma had a conversation with my guy so that he know I believe in him, but I need to see what happens." That's a part of growth. That's okay. It's a part of it. but he been there now. So now you got the experience. You know, when you look at this series, I didn't think the Spurs would ultimately be able to come back and win just from the psychological effects of that this series had double digit leads in every game. Again, when you talk about misfortune, the road ahead, these are the type of things that can hamper your your mind as you go forward. Double digits every game. lost those leads. What's your belief in you now? In yourself now? The Knicks knew every game, no worries. I've been in this position before with the Houston Rockets. Yo, they going to get up 20. We fine. The Knicks knew no matter what that they could walk them down. And that was incredible watching it. You knew the look on the Knicks face that they knew they could walk them down. You knew the look on the Spurs face that they also knew the Knicks was going to walk them down. The psychological edge of it took its toll. By the way, I don't know if anyone has ever dealt with things psychologically, but this is going to go away once the series end. That's now something they got to climb over. All of these things matter when talking about a dynasty building one. They got to now hop over that. It's tough. It's tough. When a team know they got your number, guess what? Other teams now feel you're vulnerable and they can get your number, they think. So now it's a little tougher. But the Knicks knew they had their number. The Knicks knew anytime they get a lead, no problem, guys. Don't trip. Stay the course. We'll walk them down. They did that. As I said, De'Aran Fox had a rough series. No, make no mistake about it. Um, you ask yourself the question, how do you view him as a player moving forward? And listen, the reality is this. What what happens to when guys go through what Fox went through is this? Everybody always going to say, no matter what you do, oh man, he did it at that level. That's cool, but he couldn't do it in the finals. Couldn't do that on that stage. So, they're always being an asterisk until you go do it there. The answer is go play better. Get back in the lab. If it matters, go get better. What was the issue? Identify the issue. One of them was didn't shoot the ball well. Shot 25% from three. Okay. What can you do there? They was not letting him get to his left hand. They was trying to get you right. Okay. What can you do there to improve? Those has to be the questions for De'Arren Fox and then you got to go do the work if it matters. You don't become De'Arren Fox if you're not willing to do the work. But the work got to it got to take another couple steps up because you won one game in the finals. It's as far as he's ever been in his career. Winning one game in the finals is so far from being a champion. And you only understand that if you've ever been a champion so far. So what can you do? But but you may think it makes it easy. No, it makes it tougher because people are still looking at y'all like, "Yo, we got to get them to what?" So you got to go put the work in. That's the only answer. Ain't no crazy algebra, calculus, trigonometry answer to this. You just got to go do the work. And the work got to take another couple steps up. It's the only way to correct it. I think he's more than capable. Rough go happens. Some of the best of us happens. What are you going to do to correct that? That's what it boils down to for all the young guys. You look at Stefon Castle at as the series went on with the Knicks, it got tougher and tougher for him cuz he couldn't really get downhill anymore finishing at the rim. They weren't fouling. They weren't sending to the free throw line. So, where did it go wrong for you at? Stefon Castle shot 32% from three during the finals. Fox 25%. Harper 28%. That's probably one of your answers. Can you go improve that? Stefon Castle, how can you get to your mid-range better? Seem they started taking that away and forcing you to either take the three or get all the way to the rim and then not fouling. Can you become a better finisher at the rim in regardless of whether you get a foul call or not? Right. Dylan Harper, three got to get better. Can get to a bucket any other way. Once that three get better, lights out. These are the things that these young guys have to be saying to themselves cuz it's going to get harder for them to even win next year now because people see you coming. So, you got to come back so much better. And I think they are the young guys ultimately who who wants to be great. But you got to go put the work in. That's what their mindset has to be. I need to get stronger from Wimby. I need to get stronger. I need to get stronger. Right. They bullied us this series. We need to get stronger and improve on those things. Gotta be so hungry going if they want a chance to try to do it again next year. Gotta be so hungry because it's going to get tougher. People gonna be watching y'all like, "Yo, they was almost there. What do we need to do to beat them?" It gets tougher, right? Let's just let's let's face it. More people are going to be building to beat the Spurs than building to beat the New York Knicks because everybody's going to feel like, "Oh man, the New York Knicks are older. We don't have to worry about them for so much longer." They're not old, but I'm just telling you how the world is going to look at it. The bass, they're going to be looking to beat the Spurs more than the New York Knicks. That's what's going to happen around the league. Now, I think for the New York Knicks, that's a great thing. You actually want that. If you're the New York Knicks, go beat them. We the champs. Overlook us. But I guarantee you because people always want to the the the shiny thing and the Spurs is they're they're the shiny thing. They got Victor Winyama, Harper, Castle. They're the shiny thing that people want to look at for the next 10 years. They think or they think they're going to look at. So they'll overlook the Knicks who are the defending will be the defending champions. They'll overlook them and say, "Man, we need to build for those guys because of the next 10." watch. If I'm the Knicks, I'm very happy about that. Go for it. No problem. I don't give a Let us do what we do over here. You love that. But for these guys, people are going to be building to beat them. They have to get a lot better. You just You can't come back with the same roster. You got to figure out where you need to plug, where you need to tweak some things. You know what I'm saying? You lost in the finals. You got to You got to figure that out. What's different? Wimby had no muscle, right? Wimby is about to should have been probably suspended twice with flagrant foul accumulation points. They gave him grace and like I said before. NBA gave Wimby a lot of grace. Rightfully so. They should give Wimby grace. Nobody want to see the Spurs without Wimby. I wish the NBA would just say no, no, no. We giving a little grace there. I wish the NBA would just say it. Why not? As the guy who got suspended from NBA Finals, just say it. By the way, just so we're clear, I think Wimi should get more grace than me. It's possible to face an NBA. That's how things work. The thing I hate is we act like in sports somebody can't say, "Yo, that guy going to get a little more grace than this guy." But the most important person out of five at a Fortune 500 company is not going to get fired as fast as the 150th important person. That's the reality. Or even the 20th most important person. That's the reality. But for some reason in sports, we act like it's like you can't say that everyone's the same. No the everybody isn't. It's not real life. Hey, news flash. Sports is real life. I wish the NBA would just say like, "No, we giving him more grace for sure. It's Victor Winyama. You should." So, he was given a lot of grace. I think a part of it is you it starts with the elbow to Nas Reed, right? S uh Minnesota out there roughing him up. You got no muscle next to you. He like, "I got to do it myself." Boom. and it's a domino effect from there. So, he needs to get stronger. Somebody on that roster need to figure out I we we can't have him doing that. We can't we can't afford for him to be doing that. So, now what? But I think they got to take a deeper look at things. Almost getting there. We've seen teams young while nobody's expecting to get there, never get back. We've seen that. We expect these guys to get back, but so much has to go right and you got to put yourself in the best position for those things to go right coming into next year. Wimby's probably going to be rated the best player in the world coming into next year. He was not the best player in that series. Jaylen Brunson was by a long shot. By the way, win might not have been the second best player in that series. That was at times Carl Anthony time towns and OG Anobi. No problem. Doesn't mean you can't be the best or shouldn't be the best, but he wasn't. All right. Back to the drawing board. No problem. It's going to come into the season next year as the number one player in the NBA. I'd be highly, highly surprised if he wasn't by all the publications and all of this. That's another target. No problem. What you going to do this summer to take that next step? Now, ultimately, they have to figure that out as an entire team, uh, as an entire organization, as an entire group. And if there's any organization that can, Coach Pop, RC Buford, they they they know what they doing. So, we'll see. But the Knicks, they did it. And give all the credit to them. all the credit. I mean, that that was beautiful to watch. By the way, all playoffs long, they dominated. This just wasn't like, yo, they beat the Spurs four to one. They did that all all playoffs long all playoffs long. They did that. They had the little issues. Two games they lost to the Hawks. They was kind of smooth selling then on and not, you know, they made it look easy. It ain't easy, but they made it look easy. So, you got to get this this team their due. It's going to be interesting seeing them come back next year as champions. The one thing we're going to have to see, and I'll say this to Kathy Towns, you showed everybody you can defend. You're going to have to do that for 82 now because you just showed everyone that you can do it. And by the way, if they want to repeat have that chance to have another great year, you're going to have to do it. And you're going to have to be consistent with it because if you're not consistent with it, then people going to look and be like, "Ah, and then bickering starts and all that." And it just derails. So going to have to do it. And not at the highest level of what he did. I I challenge him to, but not at the highest level of what he did at all. Playoffs, that's tough. but going to have to be a lot better defensively than he's been throughout the course of his career like he's been over the last two months and you know it'll it'll be fun trying to repeat every year you walk in as the champions every game every arena we the champs it's a great feeling congratulations to the New York Knicks congratulations to my guy Mike Brown seeing Mike B win his first championship ship as a head coach is beautiful. I remember sitting on the phone last summer with Mike B. Talking to him about was he possibly going to was he possibly going to take the assistant job, the head assistant with the Suns. And we're talking and he like, "Man, I'm going after the Knicks job." He like, "You think I got a real chance?" I'm like, "Mike B, I think I'm looking at the candidates. Mike B, I think you got a real chance. He like, I'mma go do the interview and see what happened. He like, but you think those guys will give me a real chance at it? I said, Mike B, they got to give you a real chance at it because they need to win. And I don't see nobody out there better to go in there with that group and win. Like, I'm going after it. Couple weeks later, he's the head coach of the New York Knicks. So, shout out to Mike B getting it done, seeing the vision and working through it. By the way, it it this was a when we talk about an 82 game process, go look at these guys first 40 games. That man changed their offense as the year went on. He changed their offense as the year went on. He worked through it. My guy Darren Irman, shout out to M Chico, always got it done. Like I said, Uncle West, much respect to all the New York Knicks fans out there. Spike Spike came Tray Love. Happy to see it. Shout out to all the New York Knicks fans. Shout out to the New York Knicks organization. We all love the city of New York, y'all. Please don't burn it down too much. Everybody love going to New York. Leave the city in one piece. It's going to be a hell of a parade. Hell of a parade. Probably right down Fifth Avenue. Hell of a parade. That's going to be beautiful to see. Beautiful to watch. To the players, congratulations, man. Welcome to the champions, the club of champions. It's a beautiful thing. Guys went out and took it. Welld deserved. Happy for everybody. Much love. That's a wrap from the 2025 2026 NBA season. Everybody back to the drawing board now. Everybody start from ground zero. See if you can do it again or see if you can do it for the first time. If you've ever run a business, you know that legacy banking is often the biggest bottleneck to actually getting work done. I remember the frustration of having to play phone tag with a representative just to verify the status of a simple domestic wire or the headache of contact switching between five different tabs just to reconcile a vendor payment. But Banking on Mercury is different. It's fast, intuitive, and works exactly like the best-in-class software you already use every day. It's free to get started with no in-person visits or minimum balances. And you get free same day a USD wires and checks right out of the box. Whether you're a solo founder or managing a growing team, Mercury flexes to fit your needs, allowing you to automate away the busy work. You can scan bills to pay them instantly, set up recurring payments, and grant your team customizable permissions so you aren't the bottleneck for every small expense. It's a powerful all-in-one financial home that lets you see exactly where your business stands without digging for data. Visit mercury.com to learn more and apply online in minutes. Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC insured bank. Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and a column NA members FDIC. Want to thank y'all all for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. We'll still be having episodes as the summer go on, but obviously there won't be any basketball games to talk about, but twice a week we'll be here. And the draft preview is coming this week. Until then, catch y'all next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a fivestar rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think. And it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with the new media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freezinger, and Greg Holtzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtourtney, Tim Mikl, Lauren Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at the new media and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gainner, and Jake Gi.
