What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we'll get into Steve Kerr's decision to return to the dubs. Wemby's elbow and ejection, no suspension, which we'll talk about. The Knicks completely dismantled the 76ers. The Kevin Hart roast, which I had a blast, and much, much more. Let's get right into it. First off, Steve Kerr has agreed on a new 2-year contract to return as head coach of the Golden State Warriors. Few weeks ago, I said on the show that my my gut was telling me that it wasn't happening. And I said that immediately after the season, which I did um feel that way. And then in the episodes that followed the immediate episode after the season, you could kind of see me shifting to I think it actually may happen. Like it actually you know, the talks went well and you know, different things, and that I had spoke to coach, and he said, "Yo, we need to do some things differently. Let's meet next week." You know, all these different things. Because you could after their initial meeting, even in speaking to coach, like you could see that, all right, things are fine. Um he felt great about it. He was rejuvenated. He had taken some time away. He was excited. He was rejuvenated. So, you could kind of see it turning in the right direction. And obviously, um very happy to see that you know, uh coach and the organization was able to get a deal done for him to return. Um now, let's talk about what this means. Uh number one, I did find out uh the extent of the deal on Twitter, just like you all. However, I did also find out that it was a done deal before you all. Um Mike had reached out. Said, "Yo, we got it done with Steve. Combine this week. Let's get together next week. You know, so great. Excited as hell. Well deserved most importantly. And now what does this mean, right? Like what does this mean for myself? What does this mean for the direction of the organization? I can tell you what it means. What it means is that the organization still wants to prioritize winning. Which I think is always the right decision. Everyone's always so in a rush to rebuild. And rebuilds they're they're hit or miss, right? Like if you're the Chicago Bulls, you've rebuilt three times since Michael Jordan retired. Um and and rebuilds are so hard to do. Like think about this. Think about the Chicago Bulls. The Chicago Bulls said to Michael Jordan in 1998, that's it. We're getting rid of Phil Jackson. Michael Jordan said, well, I'm not playing for another coach. You get rid of Phil Jackson, you're getting rid of Michael Jordan, too. I'm out of here. Jerry Krause said, no problem. And proceeded to let Michael Jordan walk. Fast forward, the Chicago Bulls in the early 2010s, um 2008, seven, eight, nine. They they drafted really well. They drafted Joelle Excuse me, Joakim Noah the number one pick. They drafted Luol Deng with a top 10 pick, top five pick. Um they drafted Kirk Hinrich. They drafted Jimmy Butler with the 30th pick. James Johnson who's had a 14-year career with a top-10 pick. See what I'm getting at here? Oh, excuse me. Obviously they drafted Derrick Rose with the number one pick. Now if you can see what I'm getting at here, they drafted extremely well. Like I just named five or six guys that I named the accomplishments. Had great careers. And yet they're they're still in a rebuild. And they're back in a rebuild from They even rebuilt from that. And they're back in a rebuild. So they've never truly gotten out of the rebuild. 28 years post-Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan has been retired. Obviously came back, but left the Bulls 28 years ago. They still have not gotten it right. So when teams rush into these rebuilds, it is it's it's just not it's it's not all that it's hyped up to be. And so what this means is that the Golden State Warriors aren't rushing into a rebuild. Because you rush into a rebuild, you give up all that you could have on the back end of what you got to go through this complete dumpster fire of that is really hit or miss. It's It's honestly and truly hit or miss. And so that is the decision that the Golden State Warriors has made. That is the direction of the franchise. And I couldn't agree with it more for all the reasons that I just said. The Washington Wizards went through a rebuild, got John Wall with the number one pick, Bradley Beal with the number three pick. Kelly Oubre with the number 12 pick. Otto Porter with a top three pick. All had very good careers. Great careers. They're back in a rebuild. Deep in the rebuild. So I I'm I'm not a fan of just jumping into rebuilds and I don't say that because I'm on the Golden State Warriors and this is who we're talking about at this time. I just don't think it's the smart thing to do. I I don't I I've I I've never agreed that yeah, you should just tank it and go through a rebuild um when you still have pieces that could possibly make it happen with the right things around I I just I don't agree with that. And so that is the direction uh that it seems that the organization is going. And now you get into what happens with the players, right? What happens with my player option? Steph Steph Steph has one year left on his contract. What happens with his negotiations this summer if he does an extension? Uh Brandin Podziemski's up for uh eligible for an extension going into next year. What does that look like? Right? So, now you start getting into the makeup of the roster. What happens with Al Horford player option? De'Anthony Melton's a free agent. What happens with Melton? You know, how are you retooling the roster? Porzingis is a free agent. What happens with Porzingis? Quin Post is a free agent. What happens with Quin Post? Right? Like now you can get now that you have a set with Coach Kerr, you know the direction. Um, now you can make decisions based on knowing that. And listen, I haven't had my conversations. So, I am just someone just like you all that judge these things by the knowledge that I have. And quite honestly, what it seems like is, "Hey guys, here's 2 years. Let's try to do it." And then that may be it. Right? Like that's kind of what what it seems like to me. Again, just from my basketball knowledge of watching these things happen and how they play out in the end. So, uh, that is what's going on with the Dubs. Uh, happy as hell that Coach Kerr is back. Um, and maybe we got a 2-year sprint. And what more can you ask for? If you're trying to keep up with the NBA playoffs right now, you already know. The games are kind of everywhere. One night it's on ESPN, then the next game you want to watch is on ABC or NBC. And suddenly, you're bouncing between apps trying not to miss tip-off. It can get overwhelming fast. That's why I've been liking Sling. It's one of the most flexible live TV streaming services out there, and it really lets you watch the playoffs your way. If you're mostly trying to catch the ESPN games, their passes are a great option. You can grab a 1, 3, or 7-day pass depending on what you need, which is perfect if you're following a specific matchup or just tuning in for a big weekend. And the best part is there are no long-term contracts, so you're not locked into anything. You can watch on your terms, however you want. Learn more at sling.com. All right, now that it's finally spring, I've been outside a lot more, walking more, making plans, traveling a bit, just doing more in general. And every time this season hits, I realize I want clothes that can actually keep up with that energy. But updating your wardrobe every spring gets expensive fast. That's honestly why I started looking for a better option and ended up signing up with Fabletics as a VIP, which completely changed how I shop this time of year. When I signed up as a new VIP, I got 70 to 80% off everything, which made it super easy to grab a few new pieces without overthinking it. What surprised me most was the quality, and the versatility is the real win. Matching sets, joggers, lightweight hoodies, tees, stuff you can work out in and then wear the rest of the day without changing. Lately, I've been living in their lightweight set and just wore it on a long weekend walk around the waterfront. Comfortable enough for hours, but still put together. And I didn't even realize they also have scrubs now, which is perfect timing with Nurses Week coming up. Shop now at fabletics.com/draymond to get 70 to 80% off everything when you sign up as a new VIP. Take a quick style quiz and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock this offer. This is a limited-time offer, so don't wait. Again, that's fabletics.com/draymond for 70 to 80% off everything as a new VIP. The NBA draft lottery happened yesterday, and the final draft order is the Washington Wizards got the number one pick, the Utah Jazz got the number two pick, Memphis Grizzlies three, Chicago Bulls four. The Indiana Pacers dropped from the fourth pick to the fifth pick, and consequently, their pick went to the Los Angeles Clippers. So, the Los Angeles Clippers kind of accomplished what they wanted to accomplish. Uh they got rid of James Harden, got rid of Ivica Zubac, and they got a top five pick while still having Kawhi Leonard. Now, I think this is where it get interesting at, right? Like you talk about the Golden State Warriors who's won championships, you have to look at the Los Angeles Clippers at at the in the fifth spot and say, "Huh, what are they going to do? Are they going to draft the fifth pick and put him next to Kawhi Leonard, or are they going to move Kawhi Leonard, try to get more draft assets, and start a rebuild?" That's where it gets interesting. That's where, you know, we'll see what happens. Sixth pick, Brooklyn Nets. Seventh pick, Sacramento Kings. Eighth pick, Atlanta Hawks. Ninth pick, Dallas Mavericks. 10th pick, Milwaukee Bucks. 11th pick, yours truly, the Golden State Warriors. 12th pick, Oklahoma City Thunder. Thank God Oklahoma City didn't get a top five pick. 13th pick, Miami Heat. 14th pick, and rounding out the draft lottery, the Charlotte Hornets. The Washington Wizards is the first team to win the lottery after finishing with the league's worst record since the NBA revamped the lottery format in 2019. And interestingly enough, I think there is another um revamping, if you will, of the lottery format with all the tanking that happened this year. So, there it is, y'all. Uh we watched the Washington Wizards tank as hard as they can, and it actually paid off for them. Um congratulations to them on the sweepstakes. You still got to get it right. Um we shall see if they get it right. When I look at the roster of the Washington Wizards, you have to ask yourself, who fits best at the number one pick? it AJ Debonsa? Is it Darren Peterson? Is it Caleb Wilson? Um Who who who fits best? And I think the obvious answers that the most answers that you'll hear is probably everybody say AJ Debonsa. And I think AJ Debonsa is incredible. And I think AJ Debonsa will fit this roster well. However, who I think would really fit this roster well and who I think is going to be the sleeper and will not be even considered for the number one pick is Caleb Wilson. I think Caleb Wilson is the most special player in this draft. I think Caleb Wilson would fit with the Washington Wizards so well. I actually think he's a bit clumsy. And imagine being clumsy and as good as he is. And what I mean by clumsy, I don't mean that in a negative way. I mean he's still figuring his body out. Like it's like Victor Wembanyama, still figuring his body out. Falls over in the most random times when you shouldn't fall over. And he's already as good as he is. That's what makes it so interesting. That's when you talk when you start talking upside and that's upside. Victor Wembanyama sometimes fall over and you looking you like, why the hell did he just fall over? Cuz he's still figuring his limbs and out. Well, that's Caleb Wilson. He's still figuring his limbs and stuff out. He athletic as hell, super skilled, talented, got the dog in him. Like I don't know what more do want. I has by far the most potential in this draft. No questions asked. And so of the top two of who most would say is Dabonza, Peterson, whatever order you got. I do think AJ Dabonza fits the Wizard roster Wizards roster better. Um however Caleb Wilson really fits. So, we'll see which route they go. I know who would be happy if they didn't take AJ Dabonza. Utah's own. AJ Dabonza went to high school in Utah. Play with an AU team out there. And then went to college at BYU. The Utah Jazz would be thrilled that he's still sitting there at two. And the way he's taking his career path and going out to Utah, maybe he would be as well. So, we'll see how it all shakes out. Pacers lose their pick to the Clippers as we said because it fell out of the top four. It was a part of the Zubac trade. Um and the Clippers won. Uh the Pacers president of basketball ops Kevin Pritchard apologized to fan, I'm really sorry to all our fans. I own taking this risk. Surprised they came up fifth after this year. I thought we would do some luck, but please remember this team deserved a starting center to compete with the best teams next year. We always have been resilient. Listen, I think after making a trade like that, you got to you got to put out a statement like this. This is one of those save my ass statements. Uh but I will say, you know, that tough luck, man. The very tough luck. Uh you dig at your starting center. But if that comes at the heels of a perennial All-star, unless the Pacers go in a championship, this could be viewed as top five worst worst trades ever. Now, like he said, a little unlucky, but if it does not pan out the right way, this could go bad. And meanwhile, Lawrence Frank looks like a genius. Looks like a complete genius. But, sometimes it's the luck of the draw and it just happens to go that way. Grizzlies move up from six to three. With all their tanking of not letting Ja Morant play, only letting Ty Jerome play home games. Uh and if you watched, like all you got to do is watch the Grizzlies and you can see everything they was doing. When they played against good teams, Ty Jerome played. When they played against bad teams, hell no Ty Jerome didn't play. So, with all their shenanigans, they move up from six to three. And this is what they're trying to combat. With all the Chicago Bulls shenanigans, they moved up from nine to four. With the Nets shenanigans, it wasn't quite shenanigans, they were just bad and they went from three to six. The Kings, I don't know what you make of them. They went from five to seven. And yeah, you see this and you ask yourself like, "Well, technically, is the tanking really working?" Yeah, it worked for the Wizards, worked for the Grizzlies, worked for the Bulls. Didn't quite work for the Nets. Didn't quite work for the Kings. It's a mixed bag. Needless to say, we know the tank has been a big issue and you see some of these teams fell and got what they what they deserve. And some of them them did better than what they deserve. It has to be addressed anyway. The Warriors has the 11th pick and you know I am always taking a peek at what what players are coming out. Who kind of would be in that range? Love to go see the pre-draft workouts when I'm in town. You know, and just really be a part of that process and watching and learning and you know, it's always a great thing to see. So, we'll see who the Dubs take at 11. I think in this in a very deep draft, you can get a very very very good pick with the 11th pick. Can also package that pick and move up. You can package that pick and maybe trade for a player. I think this pick is interesting because it's a very good pick and we know the direction the Dubs are looking. So, there are players in this draft that you can draft and they are NBA ready right now to help an NBA team. So, you know, I know that Dubs will make the best possible decision. We'll see what happens with it. After the break, I'll discuss being a part of the live Kevin Hart roast before breaking down these playoff series. We'll be back right after this. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23% hotel occupancy is at 89% and developer called Intersection Development who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first ever Atari hotel and before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion. Dollars. Bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a reg A plus with the SEC which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. Last night I had the opportunity and honor and pleasure to be on the dais of the roast of Kevin Hart. And first off, some of the most fun I've ever had. Uh it was incredible. Uh the comedians were amazing. Uh the acts were amazing. The Rock, Lizzo, um incredible. Tony Hinchcliffe crushed it. Like absolutely crushed it. Sheryl Underwood absolutely crushed it. The amount of flak or shots that Sheryl Underwood caught was incredible. Chelsea Handler, amazing. I mean, it was such an honor. Uh Jeff Ross, incredible. Pete, like such an honor uh to be up there. Cat Williams, Kevin, to be up there with that type of talent. I must tell you, I was nervous as hell. Um What it was like for me, you know, I had practiced and practiced and, you know, went through my changed some things with my, you know, like I was actually a part of the joke-making process. And so, I'm working through the process of the jokes with Ray. And Chris Spencer, huge help. They helped me so much. I just how you sequence the jokes and like it was amazing. I had so much fun stepping on a different stage, stepping into a diff- different atmosphere. Um My my my heart was in my stomach. You know, it was like I'm nervous before every basketball game, still to this day. My heart be in my stomach going into a basketball game. You know, you dribble the ball, throw a pass, get a stop, run up and down the court a couple times, boom, it's just basketball, it's fine. First couple jokes, nervous as hell. You get that first laugh, you're like, all right, cool, I'm good now. And I I was able to settle down. But man, I think the worst thing you like like my biggest worry getting up there is I just don't want to bomb. Like I don't want to get caught up, you know, trying to go here, lose track of this, you see somebody in the crowd, you you know, like it's so many things going on. For me, people booing. Um how about that? You go on to a stage as a comedian, not a comedian, but I'm doing a roast, and people are booing before you start. The one thing comedians don't want is to be booed. I'm getting booed before I started. Thankfully, I get booed in every arena I go into, so it was nothing. Boos is just uh misguided it's just misguided love, you know? They don't They They They It's hate dis- It's really love disguised as hate. They love me, and I love them back. But it was beautiful. And so I had to get through that, number one. And then I had to get through with my jokes. But it was amazing. Um I had so much fun. I've known Kevin now for man, over 10 years now. And our relationship just has continued to blossom and grow. Extremely grateful for Kevin and Netflix giving me an opportunity to come up on the stage and take part in something that honestly I never imagined I would take part in. But it was such an incredible incredible thing. Incredible night. Amazing roasts. Um Kevin and Katt Williams putting their stuff aside, Katt actually coming out there and doing the roast. Um Kevin putting Katt in a position to do the roast. Surely made great money doing it. Like that's what this is about, man. That's what this is about. Putting other people in positions to win. I think Kevin has consistently done that. And it was good to see him and Katt on the same stage, same height. Uh It was absolutely amazing to see. That was a great night. Kevin's and The Rock's chemistry is insane. Uh The Rock really went crazy at Anjelah which was great. Anjelah was a true champ. She took it all on the chin. She laughed. It was beautiful to watch. Um just an incredible night. Absolutely amazing night to everybody who took part in it, who made that night what it was. Kudos. Job well done. Um As I said, my favorite sets were Sherri Underwood, Tony Hinchcliffe. Uh Tony Hinchcliffe. Wow. I mean I thought 98 95% of the sets were really good. Those two Wow. I mean, and Sheryl crushed it. And like you can see the teleprompter, she was kind of off-the-cuff. The whole time. She used it a couple times like to But like most of the jokes she was telling was not on that teleprompter. And that was insane. So, shout out to Sheryl Underwood. She actually came in We're in the green room. I'm sitting there uh before the live rehearsal and I'm sitting there and she come up to me and she like, "You got your jokes ready?" I'm like, "I got my jokes but I'm nervous as hell." She sat down. She said, "Let me talk to you." So, what's up? She said, "You've been to a family barbecue. You didn't grilled in the backyard. You play cards?" Of course. She said, "I know you do." She said, "That's what this is. We're sitting in the barbecue We're sitting in the backyard grilling talking with our family. That's what we're doing. So, you relax cuz I know you talk with your family cuz you all you do is talk shit." Na'im came to my trailer and saved the day. He brought me one little pack and it was called a dry mouth lozenge. Saved the day. You're sitting up there on that dais. And I had a I had a cocktail tequila. I didn't want to drink too much because I wanted to be on point. So, I wanted to have a tequila enough take the edge off and that was it. And I had water. But you're sitting up there, you're laughing, you're nervous. He told me. He said, "Yo, use this like right before you go on." He's like, "But you don't want to have you like if you have a hall in your mouth or gum in your mouth, it's going to affect you talking." So, he's like, "So, you don't want to be on a stage with it but you want to have it right before cuz your mouth going to get dry. Sure enough, right before I'm about to go on my mouth was cottonmouth, dry as hell. And I'm like, oh Boom. Crazy. Help It helped so much. Like, by the way, I know y'all probably think I'm tripping. Like, yo, what are you talking about? You get up on that stage with dry mouth, you can't tell your jokes. Right? Like, you you can't. And and and it helped me so much. So, Naya even saved the day for me. I appreciate all of them for helping me out. Uh sitting next to Pete. Pete kept telling me like, no, dude, you're going to be fine. Like, this is cool, bro. Like then he tell me like, yo, I'm nervous as hell. Then Shane Gillis come over like, y'all have no idea. I'm so nervous. Right? So, once they start once they start telling me that they're nervous, I'm like, all right. I guess I'm supposed to feel this way then. Like, if they're nervous and they do this every day, then I should be nervous, right? And so, was able to get through it, but um you know, the jokes were funny. They were incredible. Uh you know, if there was one joke that stung the whole night, obviously, you know, there were different ones, but I would say the one about my daughter, uh Cash. That one stung a little bit, just hearing Tony talk about my baby girl. Tony came up to me in the back before. He said, hey, man, I got a couple jokes for you. Do not punch me. They're up. He He comes walking off. He like, dude, I said I'm sorry. They're up. So funny. Uh I laughed at it. My wife laughed at it. It was great. Uh my daughter name is Cash. It's not her first name. First name Sage, but it is Cash. And Cash definitely going get to the cash. She already told my wife she's going to buy my wife an airplane one day. So, you, Tony. She's got her head on straight already at 5 years old, god damn it. It was a good time. It was great jokes. After party was great. The way they did it, Kevin Hart and the Brands Group top tier. Job well done. Job well done. Congrats to Kevin on his gold roast. Super fire for him to do that. You know, when you got someone that's at the top of their craft putting themselves in a position like y'all going to let all of y'all just tee off him. Like, takes a lot of confidence uh to do that. So, I really tip my hat to Kevin and truly, truly, truly appreciate Kevin for having me be a part of that. It was a once-in-a-lifetime moment. You talking about a hell of a week. Detroit Pistons game, sit courtside, first time sitting courtside at an NBA game, boom. Follow that up being on the dais at the roast of Kevin Hart. Man, what is life and how can I complain? Going through the roast last night had me thinking, who would be great basketball player or teammate? Who should be the next hooper to do a roast and get roasted? Who should it be? I don't know. I don't I don't know if Steph Curry is really roastable. Um maybe LeBron James should do a roast. Steph's Steph's so perfect, man. Like, what you going to say? I I just don't know how you can roast Steph Curry. Like, I I just don't see it. Klay be a Klay would be a good roast. Be fun to roast Klay. But, y'all think about that. Shoot me some Shoot me some notes. Who Who do you think would be a great It would be great to roast in the NBA? Let me know. Would love to know. If you're a dad like me, or if you're single, or if you're at any stage or age in your life, you have probably been worried about health care. Figuring out insurance, finding the right doctors, making appointments, it can make you feel stuck. When I learned about Solace, it felt like the resource I wish I'd had from the start. Solace matches you with a dedicated health care advocate who steps into the mess with you. A Solace advocate can find the right doctors and schedule appointments, fight denied insurance claims to get care approved, and make sure all your doctors are actually communicating with each other. They can even join your appointments remotely, help translate complex medical language into plain English, and break down test results and treatment plans so you know exactly what's going on. You connect with your advocate by phone, text, email, or video call them through the platform. These are experienced health care professionals including nurses with years in the field, and they've already helped tens of thousands of people get better care. Go to solacehealth.com to see if you qualify. It takes about 2 minutes and it's covered by insurance. That's solacehealth.com. Must be 18 or older. Advocates do not provide medical or legal advice. Now it's time for the Slingshot of the Night, brought to you by Sling TV, the most flexible live TV streaming service. Watch the NBA playoffs with a Sling 1, 3, or 7-day pass starting at $4.99. Learn more at sling.com. The shot of the night was not quite a made shot. The shot of the night was Wemby's elbow shot on Naz Reid's neck. Got a flagrant two, ejected from the game. Uh needed Harrison Barnes to tell him what a flagrant two actually meant. And he gets thrown out the game. Um we found out this morning that Wemby won't be suspended. That Wemby will not be fined. Um and their life just goes on. And as someone who's been suspended from a very important game five, I think me being suspended from game five is actually irrelevant. What I do think is relevant though, is what if it was Naz Reid elbowing Wemby like that? So, if Naz Reid looked at Wemby, turned away, loaded his elbow right to the neck and proceeded to follow through with the other hand as oh, that wasn't a mistake. I didn't mistakenly elbowed you. I elbowed you to put you down and I'm coming through and following my left hand to actually make sure you go down and get off me, what would have happened? Now, when I saw that it was happening, and then I saw Ms. Johnson's press conference, I was like, "Whoa." He took matters in his own hand and if the referees ain't going to call it, I'm happy he did. Well, there's intent, guys. There's intent. Y'all won't get him off, so I'mma do it. So, as I pose the question, what if it was the shoe was on the other foot and it was Naz Reid taking out Wemby, I think this situation would look totally different. There would be fines. There would be suspensions. Listen, I'm not one to ever want to see guys get suspended because I think that is wack. But, standards has been set. Fines have happened. Jaden McDaniels and Joker just got fined for much less. For there not to even be a fine, is crazy. It's crazy. And I'm not I'm not for guys getting fined. I'm not for guys getting suspended. But, for there not to even be a fine, let alone a suspension, I think is insane. So, what I would say to the Minnesota Timberwolves, after watching their coach say, "Well, I'm happy he took the matters into his own hands." and leveled Naz Reid with an elbow, I would say to the Minnesota Timberwolves, "Hey guys, this is fair game." There's no suspension. There's no fines. This is fair game. Who coming out there tonight or tomorrow night and doing it to Wemby? Who's going to elbow him in the face? That's what That's what I would be saying. Like, who who who's getting him? Because clearly, there are no fines for this act. There's no suspensions. You may get ejected. Fine. But you may take Wemby out the game. So, who's doing this to Wemby? Because to see the reactions, like yo, Mitch Mitch Johnson's reaction was crazy. To see those reactions, you got to get your getback. If nobody's coming back at those guys, going back at Wemby, you lose the war. Because what he just did was set a tone. And you either go full force at it or you get rolled over. So, we going to see what the Minnesota Timberwolves do. But that was the Sling Shot of the night, brought to you by Sling TV. Sling puts the consumers in control with their flexible subscription options. Want to watch one game or even a full series on ESPN? Grab a one, three, or seven-day pass starting at $4.99. If you want to watch as many games as possible, get a monthly subscription with their combo package. Either way, Sling lets you watch the playoffs your way with no long-term contracts. Learn more at sling.com. You know, the playoff push is heating up. The tournament hoops are here, right? There's nothing like the excitement of every bucket, steal, highlight play. But, you know what makes it even better? PrizePicks. Seriously, every pick, every win feels that much sweeter. People are amazed at how simple the PrizePicks app is. Just pick more or less on two to six players that projections. Whichever sport you pick instantly makes watching the games way more fun. A favorite feature? Early payouts. If your player gets off to a hot start, you can cash out before the game even ends. And with stacks, you can pick the same player up to three times in a lineup. PrizePicks is available in all 50 states, the deposits are fast, withdrawals are secure, and you can play all your favorite sports. Everything from basketball to e-sports. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code Draymond to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code Draymond to get $5 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. Timberwolves beat the Spurs 114-109 to tie the series at 2-2. Ant-Man, big game, 36 points in 40 minutes on 59% shooting. I just want to emphasize how impressive it is as what what Ant-Man is doing. Uh like I said before, he's only played a little bit of basketball in the last 2 and 1/2 months. And to come out and have the impact that he's having on this series, uh just says so much about the competitor he is, the talent that he is. And obviously getting this series back to the two now. How the rest of this series plays out will be important because as we talked about earlier, with the Wemby elbow, it raises the intensity. Like it has to go up now. So, But reality is what it's going to boil down to is which team is going to be tougher. Uh which team is going to fight through and play fight through the foul calls, fight through the physicality, knowing and understanding that the referees are going to come out and try to set a tone right away in game five due to the elbow and lack of suspension and what they think will be upsetting to the Minnesota Timberwolves. The the referees are going to come out and try to get a hold of the game right away. Probably a B Scott Foster officiated game. Um that's going to be the goal. Who's going to push through that and say we're establishing the level of physicality no matter what. We're doing that tonight. That's who's going to win game five. And if I'm honest, it has to be the Minnesota Timberwolves. One of your guys just got whacked. Leveled and no one else did anything about it. The NBA did nothing about it. So like miss Take a page out of Miss Johnson's book. Take matters into your own hands. You go do something about it. You set the level of physicality. You make them have to raise rise to your level of physicality. That's how you go win a championship. That's what the Minnesota Timberwolves has to do going into game five. Now when you look at this series, you have to ask yourself the question of who's going to be the toughest match up for Oklahoma City Thunder. And quite honestly, I think the tougher match up for OKC is San Antonio. I just think the way OKC plays trying to get to the rim and Victor Wembanyama being at the rim while also being able to move and get up on to the level on pick and rolls, I think ultimately causes OKC problems. I also think San Antonio has the athleticism and the length and size at all positions to compete with OKC. So I think that will be the tougher match up, but we'll see what happens with this game five, but the Timberwolves, you got to take a page out of Miss Johnson's book. You got to take matters into your own hands. If you don't, they're going to get mocked. The Knicks sweep the 76ers 144 to 114. Knicks makes history. Over their 10 playoff games, the Knicks have outscored their opponents by 19.4 points per game. That's the best per game differential for any team through two rounds of the playoffs in the 43 years of the 16-team format. This team has been balling. Uh make no mistake about it. And I think the most impressive thing, and I've said this before, and what's most important is Karl-Anthony Towns play. Karl-Anthony Towns is taking 7 to 10 shots a game, which tells me that Karl-Anthony Towns is not being viewed as a number one option anymore. Great, because now you're actually doing what's best for Karl-Anthony Towns. He doesn't have to be the number one option. He's a much better passer than he's ever gotten credit for, and he can obviously take his man off the dribble. He obviously shoots the three as good as any big man not named Dirk Nowitzki we've ever seen. And he can post up mismatches. So, not having him as a number one option is allowing him to be a playmaker. He's getting 19-20 points on seven shots. I guarantee you he's not leaving that game unhappy. And everyone else around him is leaving the game feeling fed. Spoon-fed layups, spoon-fed threes. Jalen Brunson getting off, doing his thing, right? Josh Hart doing his thing. Mikal Bridges doing his thing. Miles McBride got off last night. Right? Like, these guys are really locked in, and they're playing together. And it's been beautiful to watch. The job that Mike Brown has done with this team is not getting spoke about enough. It's not getting talked about enough, and I think he deserves a lot more credit than he's getting. The offense that he's put them in, I think has helped add to their success. And I think it's a large driver in the reason they're playing the way they're playing. A Mike Brown coached team is always going to be a good defensive team. They're a very good defensive team, and now their offense is clicking. Look out. Nicks in the conference finals again. Think they're going to take on the Detroit Pistons, and that match-up will be interesting. But, we'll get there when it's time. It ain't time yet, because the Pistons are in a tough series, two to one now with the Cavs. Um Cavs beat the Pistons 116 to 109 in game three. James Harden, clutch game, scored nine points in the fourth quarter. Looked like the James Harden we know. Harden and Mitchell combined to outscore the Pistons 10 to five over the final minute and 29 of the game. James went three for three. Kade had a triple-double with 27, 10, and 10. Kade did all he can do. Listen, the Cavs are undefeated at home this post-season. Pistons won the first two at home. I think the Pistons, you got to go in and get a road game. Like, you can't just be satisfied with a with a with a series going to seven. I thought the way they played, they got down last game, battled back. I thought the Pistons showed they can go in there and possibly win it, but they got to close out better. They didn't close the game very well last game, and obviously the Cavs uh took the game, but you know, I think when I look at this match-up, I definitely think the Pistons would be a a tougher match-up for the New York Nicks. Um I think they'd be a much tougher match-up. I just don't think uh the Cleveland Cavaliers have anyone that can slow Jalen Brunson down. And for that matter, Ausar Thompson. I think the the Detroit Pistons has guys that can possibly slow Jalen Brunson down a little bit. And ultimately, that can be the key to the series. So, Pistons need to go on the road and get one. Uh make this series 3-1, put a lot of doubt in in Cleveland's mind and in Cleveland's heart. That has to be that next step. You got to know when it's time to put your your foot on the team's throat, and the Pistons have an opportunity to do that, and they got to go take advantage of that and do that in game four. The Thunder beat the Lakers 131 to 108 in game three, and we have watched the same game three games in a row. Lakers get off to a good start, not quite good enough. At some point, you just see it slipping away, and it gets further and further away, and they lose by 20. Um JJ Redick says he still think they can beat them. Uh I must say JJ Redick, history is not on your side, brother. Uh teams that trail 3-0 in a playoff series are zero and 161 all time. So, unless you are Phil Jackson mixed mixed with Red Auerbach mixed with Steve Kerr and Gregg Popovich all in one, JJ, I don't know that y'all can come back and beat this team. I don't know that it's going to be possible to lose by anything less than 20. I see a lot of people has been debating uh would the Lakers have had a better shot if Luka was healthy? And quite honestly, Luka would have been great, but I don't think it would have gave them a better shot. I just don't think they have a good enough team to beat this OKC team. This OKC team is faster, scrappy, they're they defend well, they don't make many mistakes, they make make you beat them, and obviously, everyone plays their role. So, I got OKC closing in the sweep tonight. Then they'll have a at least a four-week off before they take on either the Spurs or the Timberwolves, who's at least going to go to six at this point. These playoffs are getting interesting. They've been interesting. They're fun. You stay tuned in. I'll stay tuned in with some analysis on it. Want to thank y'all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. Until next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with The Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Lea Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Laura Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rolls, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galli.
