What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. Today's show we have another edition of the monthly Draymond Green Awards, but before we get to that, I need to share my thoughts on NBA expansion. Now that it's official that Seattle and Vegas will be getting the teams if the votes pass. Let's get right into it. The Draymond Green Show is proudly presented by Groom's. Groom's proves that you can do the least and still feel the most thanks to a delicious daily habit that does the heavy lifting. Save up to 52% off with code Draymond at groomsco.com. That's code Draymond at grumsco. Everybody has been waiting for Seattle to get a team again, for Vegas to get a team again. And wow, has it been time. You know, I think with those two teams being added, number one you know, everybody speaks about expansion and is it great for the NBA. One thing is for certain is it's going to make a lot of money. And when it make a lot of money, money talks, walks. And so these these franchises will go from anywhere what they're saying is 7 to 10 billion dollars, which is crazy for a for expansion franchise, but there are people out there that can afford it. And then guess what? Those two go through, there's only 32 of them. So you can kind of sell it for what you want to sell it for. And so I think it'll be very interesting. Obviously the first thought is with the conferences, what happens with the conferences? You essentially you have two Western Conference teams coming in. Vegas has to be in the Western Conference, Seattle has to be in the Western Conference. But all is not broken. Minnesota needs to go to the Eastern Conference. Minnesota is a hour and 5 10 minute flight from Michigan. Minnesota is a Big 10 in a Big 10 conference. Minnesota should be an Eastern Conference team. So no harm, no foul. Memphis which should probably be in Nashville should be an Eastern Conference team. Definitely should be in Nashville. It should be an Eastern Conference team. I think you know, we I've played in actually several playoff series against Memphis. Flying all Flying to Texas is not that long. Flying all the way to Memphis for for a playoff series for one game, for game five for game seven or for game six is brutal. Like like brutal. And so Memphis of course should be in Nashville but Memphis should be in the Eastern Conference. So no harm, no foul there. Like I think it's actually very easy to realign the conferences. But you ask yourself or do you just get rid of the conferences? I think you still need to keep conference from the standpoint of like what team and divisions from the standpoint of what teams are playing what teams how many times a year. I think you do need it from that perspective, but it poses the question, do you get rid of conferences when it comes to the NBA playoffs? Because I think you still want to keep it at eight teams. Right? Per conference. Like I think you that fundamentally you still want to keep that. And so yeah, I think you have you move them and you keep eight teams. The conferences align perfectly. It'll just be eight and eight. Eight will make it, eight won't. You know, 16 teams in each. So it still works. If you start adding a ninth team, now you're talking about a first round bye for the first team. But I don't know how that plays out with the schedule. So I think you keep the playoffs the same. You got eight and eight. Expansion both Western Conference Memphis and Minnesota going over to the Eastern Conference. Man, can you imagine though players that are playing in the Western Conference? You get Vegas and Seattle. Meanwhile the East pick up Minnesota and Memphis. Now man, that's a drastic change. And guys in the East, guys in the West, you you are ecstatic. Like yo, you get trips to Vegas and Seattle now as opposed to going to Minnesota more than once as opposed to going Memphis more than once. And just do Memphis. Just do everybody a favor and move that team to Nashville. There's no great hotels in in Memphis. Um I love the people of Memphis. They are incredible. Shout out to the people of Memphis. I I love them. But just from an NBA standpoint, man, like there's there's not a sauna or a hot tub in sight. Nowhere. Not at the gym, not at a spa, not at a hotel, nothing. Not in sight. So the NBA either need to send that to Nashville so they can have proper facilities or even better, the NBA it should be mandatory that teams have at least a hot tub and cold tub, but probably a sauna in their visiting locker room. Like it should be mandatory. It should be mandatory that all the seats in the NBA are higher up. These things should be mandatory. But also get Memphis the hell out of Memphis and send them to Nashville. Like come on. Like do the right thing, people. It's a reason the Tennessee Titans are in Nashville. Do the right thing. Just go on in Nashville. Shout out to the owners. Don't charge them a relocation fee. They're just going up the street and doing all of us a favor. So let's not charge Adam. Joe, I know you're on the competition committee, Joe Lacob. Um let's not charge them a relocation fee, please. Let them just do all Let them just do us all a favor and take the team to Nashville. No problem no harm, no foul, the relocation fee, you got to leave that arena that I'm sure they own, relocation fee it's a swap. You leave that arena, you ain't got to pay the relocation fee. Go to Nashville. Do us all a favor, Adam. Nobody will be upset. One person will be upset. So GP said Young GP, GP2, my teammate GP said he requested trade immediately if if had the chance to play as a Seattle SuperSonic. I bet he would. Um but careful with your words, G. Cuz you got a home here in Golden State. And I don't know if them Seattle SuperSonics going to accept you like that, G. So be careful with your words. Steve Kerr reaches 600 wins, fourth fastest coach to do so. Um behind Phil Jackson, Pat Riley, and Gregg Popovich. Might I say first ballot Hall of Famer? Absolutely. Shout out to all the people on my threads that call it Steve Kerr can't coach and he's so lucky that he coached that team, but meanwhile I saw am so lucky to have played on the team. And meanwhile Klay's a bum and he's lucky to have played with Steph. You people just say anything. Um shout out to Steve Kerr. Job well done. I see it every day, the greatness. People going to talk. People tell you the sky's green today cuz it's St. Patty's Day if you listen to them. Oh by the way, I forgot to mention, does this place look familiar? Because this is actually the room in Boston where everybody was like, "Yo, you shouldn't be podcasting. You should be focused on the game." And here I am three and a half years later podcasting from the same room that still you know I came back to after our championship. I when I shouldn't have been podcasting. So anyway, back to Steve Kerr. You have to ask yourself where does where does Steve Kerr rank amongst all coaches of all time? And if I look at the the opinions on threads, you think he's the bottom of the barrel. Cuz I saw somebody say, "Man, if they could only get this coach and replace Steve Kerr." And it was a coach that has failed and never won a championship. I was like, "Wow, these people say anything." So where does Steve rank amongst all time coaches? I don't know. What I do know is amongst all time coaches where he rank as far as rings go? Well those three. Maybe Red Auerbach. Maybe. But that's the list. So for all the people that say Steve Kerr suck that's the list. And y'all you people you love lists until the list don't work in your favor. Damn it. The list don't matter. But that's the list. So you tell me where he ranks. I know that Steve Kerr came to Golden State and he was the champion in the room that showed everybody how to be champions. That That That's what I do know. Sorry, guys. Don't fit your narrative. But after the break, I'm going to present the fourth edition of the monthly Draymond Green Awards. We'll be right back after this. Welcome back from the break. As promised, we're going to go through the fourth edition of the handout, our fourth edition monthly Draymond Green Awards. But before we do that, you know it's March. You know it's time Izzo time, Mr. March. And what that mean is, we got our tournament check-in. So, with our tournament check-in, we must first talk about the East bracket. The East bracket, number one overall seed, Duke. You're welcome. You got toughest bracket. You got Ohio State in that bracket. TCU, sleeper teams. St. John's, team that had a great year, didn't get any love from the tournament committee. Kansas, got arguably arguably the number one pick on their team. And guard play in the NCAA tournament is everything. Good luck, Duke. Congratulations. You also have Louisville, who has a potential top five pick on their team. Guard play, very important in the tournament. You also have Mr. March himself, the great Tom Izzo and the Michigan State Spartans. You also have UCLA. Oh, and by the way, if the if that wasn't enough for the U's, god dammit, you got Yukon. Now, how's that for the number one seed? This may be the toughest bracket in NCAA tournament history. This East bracket. And it sucks that my Spartans had to get tossed in that bracket. Because there's no reason that we didn't do enough to be the num- the number three seed in the Midwest bracket. There's just no way. By the way, that would set us up with a Elite Eight showdown with the scumballs from up the highway. There's no way Virginia should have put Virginia in the East and us in the Midwest. Let them deal with those guys. But that East bracket is crazy. Nonetheless, it's hard not to pick Duke coming out of that East. But my Spartans played them once and we got the book on them. So, tough going to be going to be tough for us to get past Yukon in that Sweet 16. But we got Mr. March himself. And we got Jeremy Fears, the All-American Jeremy Fears, first team all Big 10 Jeremy Fears. We got We got Jeremy Fears. And we got the solid Jackson Kohler and the forever improving Carson Cooper and the high-flying Kylon Clark. We're rolling into the March with the two young freshies getting the minutes. We're rolling, baby. So, shout out to my Spartans. I got my Spartans coming out the East. I don't know if y'all thought I was going to do anything else. Cam Boozer's had a great career. It ends with them Spartans, brother. Shout out to the Spartans coming out the East. Shout out to Arizona coming out the West. In the Midwest, I hate to say it, but the scumballs got a easy pass. So, they're definitely coming out of the Midwest. And coming out of the South, it's going to be out of Houston and Florida. Rematch in the championship. I don't see Houston beating Florida. I don't think their offense is as good enough. So, there's your final four. Florida, Michigan scumballs, Michigan State, the great Michigan State, and Arizona. That's who I got in the final four. Now, the final four always comes with some big first round upsets. And I think when I look at the first round, there's definitely going to be some upsets. Who I think is in- who who I think is in danger of a big upset, um is Iowa State. Man, they got Tennessee State in their first game. Nolan Smith knows what it's like to be in on this big stage. He's a national champion himself. Um he's coached at the highest at at the highest level in these NCAA tournaments at Duke. The confidence he has those guys playing with, he can put a game plan together, stifle Iowa State. So, I'm watching that game um for a possible upset. Um that Tennessee, Miami, Ohio, SMU possible first round upset. Um Alabama. Alabama has lost one of their top leading scorers, uh I think second leading scorer, uh Aidan Holloway. That puts you in trouble against a a Hofstra team. We always see those 4-13 upsets. North Carolina, no Caleb Wilson, one of the best players in the country. I think could possibly should possibly be the number one pick, at least considered. Um VCU's been here. You know, I'm looking at that one. Nebraska versus Troy. You know, Nebraska's happy to be here. Could they sneak around and mess around and get upset? I can see that happening. Cal Baptist versus Kansas. Kansas has been up and down all year. Cal Baptist has a very dominant guard, and I talked about guard play in Dominick Daniels Jr. This kid can fill it up. He can get buckets fast and in bunches. And that can get in get you in some trouble in the NCAA tournament. So, there can be some upsets. Uh St. John's, Northern Iowa, 5-12. Like, there's going to be some upsets and I'm watching those games closely for some upsets. So, we'll see how that first round shake out. But one thing's for certain, it's March, baby. It's coming. And I told you all who my final four picks are. And if you ever think I'm picking against Michigan State for a national championship, you are out of your damn mind. Go green. Go Spidey. Let's go, Mr. March. Let's get it done. I'll be honest, healthy habits have never been more important. So, this year, I actually found a routine that's much easier to stick to. Gruns. Feels like doing the least, works like doing the most. A simple, delicious daily habit that makes a real difference without overhauling my life. If you haven't heard me talk about Gruns before, they're a convenient formula packed into a daily snack pack of gummies. I love that it's not just a multivitamin, a greens gummy, or a prebiotic. It's all of those things and more at a fraction of the price. And the best part, they taste amazing. So, it feels like a treat every day. Each pack is vegan, nut-free, gluten-free, dairy-free, and free from artificial colors and flavors. With 20-plus vitamins and minerals, 60 ingredients, including nutrient-dense and whole food ingredients, and 6 g of prebiotic fiber, that's more than two cups of broccoli. Grun makes healthy easy. Bonus, it's HSA/FSA eligible, so you can even use your health care funds to cover it. Kick your new year off right and save up to 52% off with code Draymond at gruns.com. That's code Draymond at g r u n s.com. If you're needing that energy boost and also love sweets, there is a new 5-hour energy shot called Fruity Rainbow. You know what's underrated? Caffeine that actually tastes fun. I feel like for years we just accepted that energy had to taste fun. But the new Fruity Rainbow shots from 5-hour energy completely changed that. These deliver an explosion of fruity flavor with a tasty caffeine kick. And I mean explosion. It tastes like those sweet colorful rainbow candies you used to love, except this one actually helps you power through your to-do list. Caffeine's just got a serious flavor upgrade. And here's the cool part, 5-hour energy shots now come in 17 flavors. 17. So, whether you're in a fruity mood or want to mix it up, there's an option waiting for you. But the Fruity Rainbow launch, it's bold, nostalgic, and just chaotic in the best way. All that big flavor is packed into a tiny portable 2-oz bottle. It fits in your pocket, your bag, your car cup holder. No buckets, no sugar overload. It's a zero sugar treat that's totally sweet tooth approved. So, you get the fun without the crash. If your energy boost could use a little personality, this is it. Get your candy-flavored chaos with Fruity Rainbow 5-hour energy shots, available online at 5hourenergy.com or Amazon. As promised, now we're getting into the monthly Draymond Green Awards. And first, we must start with our first team of the month. That will go to none other than Jaylen Brown, who has continued to play great. Uh Jayson Tatum coming back. Shout out to JT. But Jaylen Brown has kept that team in the number two seed all year. He's played incredibly well. He's had huge games. Must be on the first team. Uh there's been talk about all the name Jaylens in the NBA. We got another Jaylen. Jaylen Johnson. Uh Hawks winners of 10 in a row. Uh Jaylen Johnson is playing like a bonafide superstar. Um he is triple-double watch every single night. Scoring the basketball, getting his teammates involved, rebounding the basketball. Significance of him rebounding the basketball is when he get the board and he starts to break. He's fast. He's running. He's advancing in the head, getting the ball back for dunks down the lane. Uh young JK on the wing now. So, him getting the rebound and starting that transition, them guys flying up the court. Uh so, you know, his rebounds aren't all rebounds are created equal. You know, uh his rebounds unlocks a part of their offense. So, Jaylen Johnson's been playing great. Kawhi Leonard, who I think I saw is ranked ninth in MVP voting, which I think is ridiculous. No way Kawhi Leonard's not top five in MVP voting with the basketball that he's been playing. Uh hopefully he can stay healthy. He is two games away from not qualifying for an All-NBA or an MVP award. So, hopefully Kawhi can stay healthy down the stretch of the season because he's well deserved. Uh Joker, who came back right before the end of January, picked up uh right where he left off at playing MVP level basketball. You know, staying right up there in the top three of voting, but someone has passed him in MVP voting according to the trackers and that is Wimby. And Wimby's been playing incredible basketball on both ends of the floor. It's been special to watch and San Antonio are winners of 18 out of 20. That's all due to Wimby's dominance and obviously other guys, but Wimby's been incredible. So that's our first team of the month. Those guys have been amazing. All their teams are playing well and in a great position right now. An interesting stat with their 10 games in a row, Atlanta went from eighth to eighth. I don't know what's going on in Eastern Conference, but they're still in eighth. So we'll see how that plays out, but that's our first team. Moving on to our DG certified defender of the month and there's going to be a name that pops up on a lot of these awards and that this one will go to none other than who? Victor Wembanyama. Wimby has been incredible defensively. He's altering shots as we know he does. He's blocking shots. He's chasing guards around. He's the just the competition level that he has on that side of the ball, especially with what he does offensively is absolutely insane. He changes the game defensively. If he's healthy and can withstand I think he got four more games. If he can withstand those four more games, he is by far the defensive player of the year. There should not be another first place vote. Nuts. Absolutely nuts. So Wimby's our defender of the year. He's been fully healthy and he's been great. So shout out to Wimby, certified defender of the month. Excuse me, I said defender of the year. I meant defender of the month, but Wimby will be the defensive player of the year. Two awards in the most improved category and we broke this award up in two because in the NBA it's just kind of goes to a young up and coming superstar that kind of moves into that space and I just don't think it quite I think it needs to be broken down in two. So we break it down in two and it's the guy who made the jump award. Good player who is now really good player. Probably headed towards greatness this one. Jaylen Johnson continues to take that next step. He's doing that while winning. And it's beautiful to see. I think the jump that he's made, you know, he's growing into a star in this league and it's special to watch. So you know, he is a good player who you know, by his contract you can tell everybody thought he was going to be good. Well, by his next contract you will know how great he's going to be. So shout out to Jaylen Johnson for continuing to put in the work. I know him and Chris Johnson do a lot of work together and Chris Johnson's been very high on him since coming out of Duke, you know, and you know, it's been beautiful to watch. So shout out to Jaylen Johnson continuing to make that jump. And then our out of nowhere award is a bench guy who now is a real contributor and that has to go to none other than Gui Santos. First off, congratulations on signing a new deal. Gui Santos has been incredible. He's pretty much a walking 18 points a game a night guy. Um you know, and just the the way he's been doing it. Like he's had the ball in his hands. Steve Kerr has gotten more and more comfortable running him in pick and rolls and post up plays for him and different things. You know, and and he's shooting the ball really well, playing great basketball. So shout out to Gui Santos, man. The out of nowhere award just continues to get better and better the more time he gets. So shout out to Gui, happy as hell for him. Our fire starter of the month has to go to none other than Lu Dort. Lu Dort has pretty much been trying to take Joker out a couple times last month. Um and you know, not much is made of it because OKC has a clean image and apparently Lu Dort has a very clean image, but he is definitely the fire starter of the month because you make the plays that he's making on Joker. Same guy. You know. You got to be the fire starter of the month. Like I said, they don't really get off into that. They they do it and then play like, oh. But fire starter of the month for sure. And then we have an honorable mention and that goes to a guy that's not even playing, Dillon Brooks. Dillon Brooks has had a couple incidents off the court. He fire started with the cops. But you know, I don't wish that on nobody. So I hope he can pull it together. You know, he's having a great year and you just don't want the year to be defined by these couple things off the court. Allow people to um kind of devalue what he's done on the court and and Phoenix is having a great year. So honorable mention go to Dillon Brooks and it's all off court related. So hopefully he can pull it together. Like I said, I don't wish that on nobody. Guys are up against a lot. Lawyer fees is a lot. So Dillon Brooks is the honorable mention fire starter of the month and it is completely due to nothing with basketball. Our must see TV player of the month has to go to none other than Kawhi Leonard. Like I said, I think Kawhi has to be higher up in the MVP voting. They traded James Harden, they traded Zubac. Kawhi Leonard publicly said, well, it's over now and Kawhi Leonard publicly out loud showed something completely different. He's playing great. He got that team playing great, young guys and all. He looks like the Kawhi of old except better. And you know, he took he's continued to march the Clippers on up the standings. I don't know how you can look past what Kawhi's done. So Kawhi and it's been beautiful basketball. So Kawhi Leonard is our must see TV player of the month. The KD just a hoop award has to go to Wimby. Wimby's doing everything offensively, defensively, winning. Everything you name it and he's just hooping and it's beautiful to see, man. He looks like he's in incredible shape. He's healthy. Like you're starting to see that potential unlock and he ain't scratched the surface. But he you know, he's going out there hooping and his guys are falling in line. So Wimby is wins the KD just a hoop of the month award. And last but not least, our Nick Young swing player of the month award goes to Chris Dunn. Also on that Clippers team with Kawhi, one of the mainstays, has not missed a game all year. Shooting about 38% from three. Defending the best guy every night. Bringing the edge to that team. Found a home. Shout out to Chris Dunn. He's been playing incredible basketball all year. He kept that up through the month of February and I think he deserves acknowledgement. Think he'll also be an all defensive team performer. So shout out to Chris Dunn, man. Revitalizing his career, finding a role with a team and helping that team win. I love that. I respect that. That's it for our monthly awards. That's also it for this episode of the Draymond Green Show. I want to thank you all for tuning in. We're back at it in Boston tomorrow because I'm in this beautiful hotel room where you all told me to do podcast. Until next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Vieira and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josefina Francis, Hillary Schaff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor and Jade Galley.
