What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we're diving into these first round playoff series, break down some of the biggest headlines, and we'll see which teams are getting a run for their money. Which ones are coasting to the second round? This is the breakdown of the playoffs. Let's get right into it. First up, we must talk about the defending champions. They are the team to beat. They've been the team to beat. They are still the team to beat. They are going to be the team to beat. That is the OKC Thunder. Up 3-0 versus the Suns. And the biggest headline coming from that series has been the Suns feels like the refs are catering to OKC. Listen, that's been a complaint for um a couple of years now. Um And so, I don't think this complaint is any differently. I think it has taken a turn. Uh Devin Booker was quoted last game saying it's definitely something that has to be looked at. I heard Caruso tell them to call the tech, and he ended up doing it. In my 11 years, I haven't had called a ref out by name. But James Williams, uh a lot of y'all may know him as Gucci because he has adopted the nickname, and he's run head-on with that. Um was terrible tonight, through and through. It's bad for the sport. It's bad for the integrity of the sport. People are going to start viewing this as WWE if they're not held responsible. Listen. Here's what I'll say on this. I have been talked about responsibility of officials. Um I've talked about that dating back. You You Uh players get fined. You know about it. You can Google how much money I have been fined throughout my career. It is a Googleable offense. And you can do that. Um When coaches get fined, you know. Uh the it's announced. The whole world knows. It's right in your face. When organizations get fined you know it's out in the world, it's in the open, it's right there in your face. For years we've been told officials get disciplined. But no one knows when they're disciplined. No one knows what the discipline is. Um you tell us for years they've been disciplined, but I was a part of a game where Shaun Livingston and an official got into it. And Shaun was talking to him leaning in, he leaned in that Shaun, they bumped heads. Shaun got kicked out the game. The official ended up getting suspended. It was public knowledge that the official was suspended. To say that all of the other infractions, all the other um discipline issues are private, but they happen, the fines, they happen. To say that is is just to me, I don't I don't I don't understand it, I don't like it, I don't rock with it because I have seen an instance when an official was publicly reprimanded. I've seen it. And so to say yeah, they they they get fines you know, they they're disciplined. I've seen instances where they actually were publicly. To believe that they actually are privately, I struggle with that because nothing's private in the NBA. Like, when I say nothing's private, I mean nothing's private. Like we made a game an in-game adjustment, a starting lineup adjustment in the playoffs. I want to say this was a year ago. We changed our starting lineup. It was not supposed to get out until the starting lineups were announced. The news was out in 20 minutes. This is a playoff in-game adjustment. And the news was out in 20 minutes. To say that anything in the NBA is private, that's just not real. It's just not realistic. All of you all find out news about our team before we find out. I find out news about our team, about our organization at times, about injuries, about all these on on the internet. To say that things are done in private, it's just not a private business. It's a very front-facing publicly scrutinized business. It's just what it is. When I say very forward-facing business, you guys can look up how much money I make to the penny. To the penny. And and any other player for that matter. Don't tell me that this is a private business. Why is it that the only thing kept private is what happened with officials? What I will tell you is the officials has one of the best unions around. And they fight for them. I always wonder, who is the leader of the the the union for the officials? That's who the NBPA need to be going after. Because that's that's who ends up with the best deal. The officials got upset one time said we're done. We're not we're not going. Everybody panicked. Everybody. Talk about keeping things private. The officials have not agreed that you can publicly discipline them. Sounds like a great union to me. So I've had my issues with this official as well. Um as I said, you know, and in my opinion, I think he makes it very personal. Um he got something against you it's going to be made very personal. Uh and so I'm not surprised by what D'Angelo said, you know, um I always have an issue with you know Gucci being called another man's name and like embracing that. Man. Like to introduce yourself as yo, I'm Gucci. Man. It's it's a different thing, man. So here's what I will say though. Um as the leader of the Phoenix Suns, you have to be careful. Because what happens is it can easily be it can easily come off as an excuse to the guys in your locker room. See now everybody else don't matter. But it can come off as an excuse to the guys in your locker room. And you just don't want to give guys who like in every locker room there's guys looking for outs, there's guys looking for excuses. And as a leader, you just don't never want to give guys an out. You just never want to get them an out. Like you got to go through the fire, we got to go through the fire, it is what it is. You never want to give them an out. The the whistle that OKC gets, you know, I saw Shai um he'll have 18 free throws one game and or 17 18 free throws. I got saw all of that. Quite honestly, Shai is great at drawing fouls. He uses your leverage against you. He has mastered the art of drawing a foul. If you watch him, most of them are fouls. And when I say most, I'm talking 90 plus percent of them, they do be fouls. Like he has mastered the art of drawing a foul. To the level that James Harden had the art mastered before but in a different way. He's had He's mastered the art of it. For a great scorer, I think that's a great thing to master. Um and he's done that. Now, some of them, I think back in the old days, officials would see that and be like, "I'm not calling it." And I think that's the frustration that some people have is it seems that he gets so many of these calls. And just some of them, the way they look, the way they happen, officials just they used to wouldn't call it. Especially in the playoffs. They wouldn't call it. And so, I can understand the frustration. However, I do think a lot of them be fouls. He does a great job at drawing fouls. And so, but make no mistake about it. He can score with the best of them. Get the foul without the foul, he can score with the best of them. He is very capable of putting up 40 and and and having five free throw attempts. Six free throw attempts. He He's capable of doing that. So, make make no mistake about that. But, um unfortunately for Phoenix, this series is over because, you know, even without the fouls, like these games haven't even been competitive. And so, you know, um I think their best bet is you pack the paint you make them shoot the three. Pack the paint, make them shoot the three. But, if I pack the paint, these aren't driving kick threes, these are swing around the perimeter threes. Can Are they capable of doing that? Phoenix has a very switchable defense, but when you switch, you got to load up. You got to load boxes and elbows, shut the paint down. You cannot come in this paint. Y'all have to shoot. Keep the ball outside the perimeter shoot threes. If they can do that, that's the only way they can keep this series close. Or, excuse me, get another game. Which I don't think is happening. Nuggets versus Thunder, the T-Wolves are up 3-1. However, uh Ant-Man will be out the rest of this series and who knows how much longer. Uh they said likely to miss a multiple weeks. Shout out to my my brother Donte DiVincenzo, um torn Achilles. uh, praying for Dante. Um, you know, incredible dude, man. I love Dante. Uh, I had the opportunity to be his teammate for a year, and the relationship has not missed a beat since. Um, and so I'm I'm rooting for Dante. Uh, he's already gotten his surgery. Um, you know, which I think is great, you know, within 24 hours. Remember what happened with Jason Tatum? Within 24 hours, he got that surgery. And he's out there balling in the playoffs. Balling in the playoffs. So, Donte DiVincenzo, within 24 hours getting his surgery. Um, big, big deal. Hopefully, that can speed his timeline up. Get Dante back out there sometime later next year. Uh, but the you know, give Ayo credit. Uh, 43 points off the bench, 13 for 17, five for five from three. Great, great, great performance. Unfortunately, I don't foresee him getting 43 points again. And I think, you know, this game is this the series is definitely going six, and I still got the Nuggets coming back to win this series. You down two of your start your your entire starting backcourt. You down. That's going to be tough. Now, there's been a lot made of is Rudy causing these, um, these off nights for Joker, or is Joker just missing? And I'd say it's a bit of both. Uh, Joker has always the one thing he has struggled with is length. And if you the if you go back and look at when the Lakers were able to beat them in 2020, the only reason they were able to beat them is because they had three guys that they could throw at Joker with length. Dwight Howard, JaVale McGee, and I obviously at times Anthony Davis. But, they were able to throw length at Joker, length after length after length, and that's why they were ultimately able to take the Nuggets down then, but haven't been able to take the Nuggets down since. And so, Rudy's doing a great job. You have to give him credit in saying that. Joker's still getting a lot of the shots he want, but the length is bothering him, but he also can make these shots. So, yes, he could come out and go for 40 tonight. Does not mean Rudy hasn't been causing um causing him to have a tough time. They've just been throwing like that the length is what he does have some problems with if he has any problems at all. Um there was a lot made of Jaden McDaniels going to lay the ball up late in the game. Joker ran down there. Here's what I'll say about that. Everybody's like, "Oh, Joker ran down there didn't want to do anything." What I think Joker was trying to do is I think he was trying to get Jaden McDaniels to act react the wrong way so that Jaden McDaniels could get thrown out of the next game. I think it was a mental play by Joker to try to get Jaden McDaniels to go over the top, a guy who's been telling them all y'all defend y'all team are bad defenders, and y'all can't guard us. A lot of people like, "Oh man, Jaden McDaniels shouldn't said that." They won three straight games and two in a row since he said that. So, give them credit, give him credit. He's talked about it. He's told them what they're doing. I'm not a fan of telling teams that. He's told them what they're doing, and he's lived up to it. Now, they got the injuries. We'll see can they still live up to it, but unfortunately, I think this series is going to end up going seven. Because injuries are going to be tough to overcome. We shall see. But, Jaden McDaniels, um he has swung this series. And he's living up to everything that he said. And he didn't react. He didn't even get a fine for the incident at the end of the game. Also, shoutout to James Jones. Uh James Jones has been in a position where I've seen be operated completely differently than anyone who's ever been in the position. And he ain't trying to overly fine guys. He ain't trying to overly suspend guys. He's keep maintaining order while maintaining the the the the level of play that should be maintained. So, shoutout to James Jones in the position that he's in in the league office. He is doing an incredible job. Not just this series, but all year I think James Jones has done an amazing job of not just fining players, not just suspending guys. Shoutout to James Jones, man. Job well done because who wanted to see some some some suspensions for some that happened at the end of the game? Nobody. Shoutout to James Jones. I think the Nuggets is coming back in this series. Pistons are down to the one to the Magic. And the headline has been Jalen Duren has been struggling mightily in this series. And quite honestly, I just I what I what I've seen from JD is not playing with the fist level of physicality that I spoke about him playing with earlier in the season. He looks like a young JD all over again, where he's not quite playing with that level of physicality. Wendell Carter's been very impressive in this matchup. Uh he's had the most rebounds in a playoff game for a Magic player since Dwight Howard. Like he he he's been dominating the matchup. And if you JD, it's three games in, brother. You can flip the script. You're capable of it. You you you're you're from a talent standpoint, from a skill standpoint, you are capable of it. But, it has to be here. Right now, mentally, he ain't there. Mentally, he need to come around. And so, you know, um there's some extra whoop whooping that match up, Ja- uh Wendell Carter versus Jalen Duren. I don't get in people's off-the-court business, but that's for y'all to do your own things on. However, it's a little extra on there. And you know, JD got to step up to the challenge cuz Cade came alive last game. And Cade going to have to stay foot on the gas. They don't have a bonafide number two second scorer. Tobias was great, but they don't have a bonafide number two. So, Cade got to be foot on the gas the whole series in order for them to win this the series. I think they can. I'm very surprised that the Pistons are chasing over screens on on Franz, chasing over screens on Paolo. I don't understand why they're doing that. You should be going on under all those screens and forcing them to make jump shots. Pistons were fouling way too much. Uh reaching fouls. Like, you got to have discipline when it comes to playoffs. You can't have a bunch of reaching fouls. Large part of the reason we used to be able to beat the the the the Rockets, they depended a lot on fouls. Once we get to these playoff series, bro, we're not you're not getting those fouls you get in the regular season. They ain't calling them, and we ain't reaching like that. So, you know, um the Pistons got to clean that up defensively. You can't be in the bonus, or excuse me, in the penalty 6 minutes to go in every quarter because you're getting dumb reaching fouls, sending guys to the line. Make the guy score the basketball. It is very hard to score the basketball. If you're great, you make one of every two shots. Stop fouling so much. Have to have the discipline to not foul if you want to win at a high level. The Pistons has done a poor job of that and turned around 2-1 in this series. Still can come back and win the series. Cade got to be foot on the gas. Jalen Duren got to be the uh the All-Star that he's been all year. Paolo Banchero has stepped up. He's playing great. Um a lot of people doubted him, said he can't do this, can't do that. He's playing great. I would love to see what he's going to do if they have the discipline to not foul. We shall see. I think this series head back to Detroit 2-2. If you care about your energy, your skin, and aging well, listen up. Cymbiotika is a supplement that is clean, liposomal, science-backed, and actually absorbable. One staple is NMN . It has the best orange vanilla flavor. It supports cellular energy, healthy aging, and gives your skin that radiant even tone. You just stir it into your drink. And for strength and performance, they have advanced creatine. It helps with recovery, sustained energy during high-intensity workouts, and focus. You can use these everywhere, whether you're traveling, at the gym, or just running around. Cymbiotika makes wellness effortless. Go to cymbiotika.com/draymondgreen to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's c y m b i o t i k a .com/draymondgreen for 20% off plus free shipping. You know, the playoff push is heating up and tournament hoops are here, right? There's nothing like the excitement of every bucket, still highlight play. But you know what makes it even better? PrizePicks. Seriously, every pick, every win feels that much sweeter. People are amazed at how simple the PrizePicks app is. Just pick more or less on two to six players' stat projections. Whichever sport you pick instantly makes watching the games way more fun. A favorite feature, early payouts. If your player gets off to a hot start, you can cash out before the game even ends. And with stacks, you can pick the same player up to three times in a lineup. PrizePicks is available in all 50 states, the deposits are fast, withdrawals are secure, and you can play all your favorite sports. Everything from basketball to e-sports. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code Draymond to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineups. That's code Draymond to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineups. Lakers versus Rockets. The Lakers are up 3 to 1, they went into Houston and did what they were supposed to do. You go on the Do you go on the road? You have to get one. Um KD has played one game in this series. He's out of knee injury. Then a left ankle injury. Um A lot of people has made a lot of discourse about, "Oh, KD don't really want to play. Quitting on his teammates." One thing you don't Kev- Kevin Durant loves to play basketball. He loves to play basketball. Like if there's anything that Kevin Durant loves, he loves to play basketball. To question a guy injured that has shown nothing but the love for the game of basketball is Um Regardless of what you all may think about the burner account, what you all may think about the Rockets chemistry, for a guy to play 18 years in the NBA, show the love for the game that Kevin Durant has, and to be injured in a playoff series and people say, "Oh man, he quitting on the team." I think it's ridiculous. Um the respect around our game is just at an all-time low because so many people have voices about the game that shouldn't have voices. And like Kevin Durant not one to play basketball, then what else is he going to do? Man love hooping. Like, so I just think that's ridiculous. Uh Ime Udoka called his team out following game three, and I'm a big Ime fan. I love Ime. I love what he bring to the to the team. Love what he bring to the game, his tenacity. I thought the way he called the team out, I didn't love it. And I didn't love it because they they were terrible down the stretch. They were, and they lost that game. Um But in the interview, I never really saw him say what he did wrong. And yes, I think his players made all type of mistakes to lose that game. But you still got to take some credit in the collapse, and he did it. Maybe he knows his team better than I know them because they responded, and they got a game. However, everybody made it about what Sengun said pregame, not necessarily what Ime said postgame of game three. And so, I would just warn Ime to be careful there because in today's day and age, um like I I you know, I've had to learn to deal with younger younger younger guys. Like guys will quit on you. Um like I've seen it. I've seen it all around the league. Guys just quit on the coach. And so I I I would caution Ime just to be careful there because guys do quit. And you go ask some guys little tougher than they can handle, guys do quit. Like I said, they responded, so give them credit. But I would I would caution Ime to just be a little careful there. Ime going to be who he going to be. Now he goes about his business uh the way he goes about his business, which is what I respect and love about Amen. Uh but I would caution him with these young guys when they just ain't they're not the same. Like it's just a little different. So, I would caution him there, but uh you got to give the Rockets credit, man. They they they stepped up. There's been some interesting numbers that come out of this series. Uh Amen Thompson has played a bunch of minutes. Um He missed 7 minutes in one game, 5 minutes in another game, uh you know, 4 minutes in another game. This is all leading up to game three. And when they when he was off the court, they'd be minus seven, minus five, like the numbers were glaring. He comes out to have a huge game four, they win they win the game. Uh they get their first win of the series. If they want to have a chance to win this game, he's got to play 45 to 48 minutes. And I saw him do that last year when Stephen got hurt in game seven. Uh you know, so I think um they need him cuz athletically the Lakers does not have anyone to match up with Amen Thompson athletically. They don't have it. Uh Amen Thompson he's he's caused them all type of trouble working in that dunking dunker area, getting the ball and attacking downhill in transition. He has destroyed the Lakers in this series playing out of the dunker. Because the Lakers just don't have anyone to put there because they in an ideal world what I think I would try if I was the Lakers is now you've lost a game, you need to make an adjustment. And what I would try is I would try throwing LeBron on Sengun. Throwing uh and you don't really want to wear Brown out like that that's lot. Throwing Vando on Sengun Sengun. Throwing Rui Hachimura on Sengun. And I would put my big on Amen Thompson. And I would tell him, you only help at the rim. Don't step up. I need you to just take this guy away in the dunker. If Sengun goes for 40 points, I'm fine with that because it's going to be on all tough twos. But I can't have this guy getting all this work in the dunker. I need my big to take this guy out of the dunker. That's what I would do. I would I would make a funky adjustment, put the big on this guy in the dunker. If he sets a screen, as a big guarding him, you're just in your normal coverage that you would be if you were on a big. If they set a screen on him, I'm picking him up at the free throw line anyway if I'm the big. So I'm going underneath all those and I'm meeting him at the rim. That's what I would do if I were the Lakers cuz I just think you have to throw some funky at them to get Amen Thompson from dominating this series. Now, who's also dominated this series is Bron. Uh what Bron is doing in this series, if you remember in 2018, uh they were down three to two versus Boston. And this is a young Jason Tatum. This is a young Jaylen Brown. Bron walked those guys down. He played 47 minutes one game, 48 minutes the other game in game six and seven. I can't remember the order, but tomato, tomato. He walked the ball up the court every play unless they had a transition opportunity to get a layup. Other than that, he walked the ball up every play, got that team any shot he wanted to give them. That's what they've been doing. I think in game four they got sped up a little bit and it wasn't as methodical as been. Now, also with Bron, who's been very methodical in where they've gone about this series, is Marcus Smart. Give Marcus Smart a lot of credit. He's been incredible. And um that's what Bron's going to have to do in game five to close this series out. He's going to have to man the game, get every possession for them that he wants. Because I don't think the Rockets have anyone on their team that can play chess with Bron. You just They They don't have anyone that can sit across table and do and play the chess match, which is why he's been dominating this series. The guy on their team that can play the chess match is Fred. He's not out there. And so I don't have I don't think they have anyone else on their team capable of playing the chess match with Bron. And that's what Bron got to do this game five. It has to be a chess match. Um once again, game four wasn't really chess. It's checkers. Got to turn it back into chess so he can out-think those guys, get the Lakers any shot they want. They're at home. Role players play better at home. Uh by the way, shout out to Bronny. Um so much criticism for Bronny over the course of his career. He's been the 13th and 15th man all year and he's playing great playoff giving great playoff minutes. Playing great playoff basketball. So you got to give him a lot of credit. And man, how dope is it to see a man and his son playing in the playoffs together in the NBA. That's so fire. Like unbelievable. Unbelievable. What a feeling. So shout out to Bronny. Uh Bronny's had a really good series when he's been called up on, he's been ready. Uh shout out to JJ Redick getting him in those games down the stretch. When games were on the line, he was on the floor. And you can see it's translated. So, shout out to Bronny, man. Keep going. I love to see it. All the haters keep hating. I love to see it. Um Unfortunately for this Rockets team, uh they don't have a healthy KD, and I think it's going to be tough. Um I think this series is over in five. Uh I don't think they get the series back to Houston. Um I just don't see it. Like you they need KD out there. They were able to get one. You know, you're prideful. You don't want to go out there and get swept. I wouldn't be surprised if, you know, they come out punch first. The Lakers withstand a blow. They punch again. Lakers withstand a blow, and then it the game get out of hand. I can very much so see that happening. Um I talked on on Thursday the other day about something I saw in the game with Tari Eason. Uh Tari Eason uh in in game three was like accepting all of these switches. Like I hate when I see guys who supposed to be defenders like, all right, I got screened. I'm going to switch. I take that as guys don't be wanting to defend. Like fight through the screen, man. These are like down the stretch. It's one thing if y'all got a game plan, but the last six I'm getting through the screen, man. I'm not just switching and watching Sengun guard LeBron James. For what? We know how that is. We know how the story is. So, that was a little disappointing to me. Um if you want to win at a high level, you got to take on the challenge. And I don't feel like, you know, I feel like a lot of guys look like they acting like they taking on the challenge and don't really be taking on the challenge. So, they want to win this series, you got to take on the challenge. Fortunately, they ain't winning this series. Lakers in five. Spurs versus Blazers has been an interesting one. Uh Um when B returned from concussion protocol, uh Scoot Henderson completely reverted to what he had been doing prior to him playing this year. Uh he had zero points in game four. Uh one of the things that's been great for the Blazers is is his he's been playing great. Um he was not great. He was actually pretty bad in game four. Yet and still the Blazers had a 17-point lead going into halftime. And by that 9-minute mark, it was completely gone out of the third quarter by the 9-minute mark. The Blazers have these spells when you're watching these games where they just can't step Like not not not can't score. They can't get good They can't produce quality looks. And then it's like everybody gets sped up and they just go and go and before you know it, it's four possessions in a row of awful shots. And it's just going to be hard to win like that in the playoffs. It's going to be hard. Like you can't have these spells where you just can't produce good looks at all. And that's kind of what they'll be going through and then once they go through it, you see the body language drop and and it's just a domino effect and then they're they're not able to get it back. Um I think I I got I I I just don't know like what what it is that they can do because these these scoring spells that they go on, it's due to like you know, I don't I don't see them getting into great stuff. And you don't really have a proven playoff go-to scorer. Deni Avdija has been great, um but he's not a proven all right, we hit the wall, I just need to go get a bucket. He hasn't proven that he can do that at this level yet. At the playoff level. And so that's where you start to see somebody like Dame Dollar missing. Somebody who's like, all right, I see it's all going down. Here, let me just go get a bucket and stop this run. They don't quite have that. And it And it's shown up in these games when they get these big leads. That's two games in a row now they've had big leads and squandered them away. And when It's hard to win playoff games twice. You know, you go up, you win the game once. You got to win You actually got to close the game. You get your lead back and then think It's hard to win playoff games twice, man. It's hard to win any game twice in the NBA. Playoff games it's hard to win twice. It usually don't happen. What I mean by winning twice again, you you do something in the game where it's like, all right, you're in complete control of the game and then you lose and you got to get to it again. It's hard to do. And so fortunately for these Blazers, I think uh this this series is is over. It's over. Spurs in five. Um Stephon Castle's been incredible. Uh I saw someone on on on Threads the other day like, yo, hot take, man. Stephon Castle going to be all-NBA next year or something. Brother, that ain't no hot take. Stephon Castle is a winner. Stephon Castle is a special player. And to see him taking this leap in these playoffs like this, I think in these playoffs he has been the most important player for the Spurs. He'll never get credit for being the most important player because they got Wemby. But man, you take Stephon Castle off that team, that is a completely different team. That kid there, I think is special. A lot of news has been made uh off the court um uh the Trail Blazers owner being called cheap because he staff was required to check out of hotels by 12:30 p.m. to avoid avoid late checkout fees. That's pathetic. That's type of stuff that happens in the G League. Um number one, you want the people you working with like to like the the These are the people who ultimately guides your team on a daily. You want those people to feel good. Like you like you have to check out and sit in the lobby and find something to do till 12:30. What about the focus of the game? Huh? Like they got to go find something to do to kill time. You want people killing time on a game day? Oh, no. That's pathetic. Team masseuse denied a room for pregame treatment. Got to take care of the players. It's It's It's what puts asses in seats. Two-way players not allowed to travel for playoff games. If I'm a two-way player in the future, I never want to sign there. Two-way players are not allowed to play during the playoffs. This is the first time I've heard of a two two-way players not being able to travel in the playoffs. It's the first time I heard of this. Like so you're pretty much telling those guys you're not a part of this team. Ended the tradition of giving out playoff t-shirts. Man, there is there's a company in Portland that would sponsor those t-shirts. He's like, "No, we ain't paying for that." So I hard to call someone cheap that spends four and a half billion dollars on something. Except that's an asset that probably in the next 2 years will be be five and a half to 6 billion dollars. Cutting all the costs. Trying to pay a head coach. It's been rumored that he's trying to pay a head coach 1 to 1.5 million dollars. Man, top assistant coaches is making that. Trying to reset the coaches market. That ain't going to happen. So, yeah, you can't call someone cheap that just spent 4 and 1/2 billion dollars. Except when you do all things cheaply, you're going to be called cheap. Because there's just a standard in the NBA of how people will be treated, how players will be treated. And to just come in and like do that differently right away, I understand Adam saying what he said, you know, Adam's got to approve this guy becoming an owner of team. So, I understand that. But, Adam's going to have to get involved because these things can't keep happening, NBPA, you should be fighting for two-way players to travel come this summer. He should not be allowed to do this. Shouldn't be allowed to do this. Just shouldn't be. I've always said there's a certain standard needed around the NBA, around teams, right? Like that that the NBA need to make happen. The NBA should not allow someone to say, "Yo, you can't you can't stay in your room." Because what if they're just sitting and walking and killing time and something happens? They would have been safe in their room. So, the NBA, come on now. Not allowing the masseuse to have a a pre-game treatment room? Come on, NBA. Are we protecting the players? What is this, a players league? We always say it's a players league. I always question this. Is it the players league like they say? Come on now. What we doing here? Right? I've been telling y'all about some different standards the NBA need to need Every arena, you should have a hot and cold tub for players visiting players. These are standard things that every arena in 2026 should have. Every team should be required to create a hot and cold tub. It don't have to be the most extravagant hot and cold tub, but there should be availability. It's ridiculous the teams that don't. Every team, the bench should be required to be a certain height. You go to some of these gyms, the seats you're sitting on are super low, so your hips are jacked up, which mess guys back up, which is a trickle-down effect, kills hamstrings, kills quads, kills calves, which ultimately kill Achilles. These are things, man, that that like these are simple things that should be standard in the NBA. It's the best basketball league in the world. And these are things that aren't standard. So, there's just some things that the NBA need to take a deep look at. And those types of things are ridiculous. And what this guy is doing in Portland is disgusting. All right. Now that it's finally spring, I've been outside a lot more. Walking everywhere, making plans, even squeezing in a few weekend trips. And every year around this time, I realize my closet just isn't keeping up. I want stuff that looks good, but can actually move with me. And refreshing your wardrobe every season can get expensive fast. That's honestly why I started looking for a better option and ended up signing up for Fabletics as a VIP. And it completely changed how I shop. When I signed up, I got 70 to 80% off everything, which made it so easy to try a few new pieces without overthinking it. And the quality really surprised me. Everything feels soft, breathable, and actually holds up. Lately, I've been reaching for this lightweight matching set. I wore it on a long walk and then straight to brunch, and it just works for everything. Shop now at fabletics.com/draymond to get 70 to 80% off everything when you sign up as a new VIP. Take a quick style quiz and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock your 70 to 80% off. This is a limited-time offer, so don't wait. Again, that's fabletics.com/draymond for 70 to 80% off everything as a new VIP. This show is sponsored by Liquid I.V. I am very particular with what I put in my body. As someone who lives an active life on and off the basketball court, whether I'm running around with my kids, working out, or just having another busy day, I've got to keep up, and that's where Liquid I.V. comes in. It's clinically demonstrated to hydrate faster than water alone, which honestly makes a difference when you're on the go. You can toss a few packets in your bag, carry-on, gym bag, even your car, because it's so easy. Tear, pour, done. Just one stick in 16 oz of water hydrates faster than water alone with an optimized blend of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients. It actually helps keep you hydrated longer, up to 4 hours. And I love the flavors. Lemon lime and Popsicle Firecracker are so popular for good reason. Stay hydrated for every adventure. Get on-the-go hydration from Liquid I.V. Tear, pour, live more. Go to liquidiv.com and get 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at checkout. That's 20% off your first purchase with code Draymond at liquidiv.com. Cavs and Rockets series are tied up two to two after a great start with James Harden Donovan Mitchell. Uh, they've both cooled off a bit. Um, Jamar Shedd has been great defensively for the Raptors. Colin Colin Murray-Boyles has been great on the offensive end. Uh, undersized big, he was a lottery pick last year. Undersized big, but he's not struggling with the length of the front line of the Cavs at all. Uh Jarrett Allen seems to get in these playoffs and get really, really, really soft, man. Like he gets in the playoffs and turns into a completely different player. And not for the better. He gets really, really, really soft in these playoff games. And I just don't understand it. Cole Anthony understands it, though. He said, "I'm going right at your chest." And he finishing around the basket, little lefty. Scottie Barnes been playing great, averaging 26 on on 52% shooting for the series. Both teams have won their home games. Who's going to go on the road and win one? Ultimately, that's what Toronto has to do. Now, who I want to give credit to, um and no one's going to give credit to, is Brandon Ingram. Brandon Ingram shot nine shots one game. Uh he took 15 shots in one. But the last game he took 23 shots. And although he struggled from the field, the mentality that the guys on the on on the floor with him were able to follow is a huge reason why they won that game. Brandon Ingram is for sure the best one-on-one scorer, the best go-to scorer for the Toronto Raptors. And when you take nine shots, it's just ain't aggressive enough. Like he was 6 of 23 for 23 points. But guys see that and they like, "Oh yeah, he gone." I saw guys a couple times look him off. Cole Anthony looked him off once. Scottie Barnes Uh RJ Barrett looked him off a couple times. In that first half of that game, he got aggressive to end the half. And then he got overly aggressive coming out of the half. You can't look Brandon Ingram off. But, Brandon Ingram allowed that by not being aggressive as Brandon Ingram should do. So, what does Brandon Ingram come out and do game four? Brandon Ingram come out aggressive. Super aggressive. Second half, super aggressive. 23 shot attempts. Going to need much of the same going into Cleveland. Got to get them up, man. Can't Can't take nine shots. It ain't going to work. That team need him to take 17 to 20 plus shots. At least. Because they can't create generate the offense like that. So, BI is the guy that got to make the dominoes fall. Whether he struggles from the field or not, people miss shots, man. But, he got to make the dominoes fall. And I thought he did that in game four. And I think he's going to have to continue to do that if they're going to have a chance of winning this series. But, the aggressive Brandon Ingram that I saw in game four, I don't care if you go over 23. That aggression is going to give his team a chance to win. And I think as long as he stay aggressive like that, like Dean Wade can't guard Brandon Ingram. Hey. I loved how hard Max Strus plays. Max Strus can't stop Brandon Ingram. I just I I don't I don't foresee it. So, I think it's very important that Brandon Ingram comes out aggressive as hell the way he did. They tied this series up 2-2. Uh going back on the road, you got to take one on the road. Why not make it game five? We know the stat about a few 2-2 series, the winner of game five. Why not make it game five if you're the Raptors? You got to go in and go for broke. It's what you got to do. They've lost two in a row, not feeling good. James ain't played great the last two. Donovan ain't played great the last two. You got to try to stomp on that right now if you're the Rockets. Right? You Jamal Shedz, you got to be coming out picking up full court to start the game. Right? Like these are the things you have to do in order to take control of the series. They don't have control of the series right now. Quite frankly, Cavs going back home two to two, they're still in control until Toronto can change that. And I think you much rather do it in game five than game seven. We'll see how they come out, but Donovan and James, they have to play great in order for this team to win cuz Jared Allen I I don't know what he'd be doing. I'm I I again, I've seen him say, "Man, in the playoffs the lights was too bright." I've seen him say that. Once you feel that way, how do you get over that mentally? I have not seen him get over that mentally. So, you know, Evan Mobley got to step it up. Got to step it up. Has not had the same impact on the defensive end. Has not had the same all packed on the all impact on the offensive end. Got to step it up. You want to win at a high level, got to step it up. The guys who supposed to supposed to play great got to play great. That is how you win at a high level. Then you get stuff from the Max Struses, the Sam Merrills, the Dean Wades. The uh Jaylen Tyson's. Then you get stuff from them. But the guy that got to step it up. In saying that, they're headed back home. The Cavs are headed back home two to two. And until proven otherwise, I think the Cavs get game five. Knicks versus the Hawks, also tied up two to two. And I would say the Hawks have dominated this series. Obviously tied up two to two. Knicks got it back where they want it, they don't feel great about it. You I can see when a team don't feel great about it. Cat Give Cat credit. He played a good game. Jaylen Brunson's now a little banged up. They do not feel Michael Bridges has been a no-show. They have not They do not feel great about it. Um You start talking mental. The Hawks is a team they struggle they struggle with. Yeah, Trae Young ain't there. But a lot of those same people you looking at, all right, they're there. And sometimes in a playoff series, you just know you got a team number. And so, I can tell you what they're walking in. They're walking in feeling confident like, "Hey guys, we can beat them. We know we got them. We good." Right? CJ McCollum been going off. Averaging 24 almost 25 points a game. Now, what I will say about this is CJ has been going off. What I saw in game four, though, was them overly dependent on CJ. And I don't think that's good for CJ, and I don't think that's good for the Hawks. Uh this is this is this is JJ's first series being the focal point. He got to figure it out. Got to be more aggressive. I think Quinn's got to do a better job of getting him and JK in spots where they can get downhill. Uh I mentioned on Threads that I think they need to play Buddy Hield. Um I'm watching Corey Kispert out there. I'm watching Gabe Vincent out there, and Gabe And Gabe's played well, but those guys don't guard great. And Buddy Hield's not a great defender, except Buddy Hield going to pick you up full court if you tell him pick you up full court. And Buddy Hield, I will say, is a much a very very underrated defender. No, I'm not saying he's great. I'm not saying he's the best defender in the world. What I am saying is he's a very underrated defender. Had an opportunity, as you know, to play the last 2 years with Buddy. Did not know he could defend the way he defend. Is he Jalen Suggs? Of course not, nor is he should he be. But Buddy Hield can defend. You put Buddy Hield on the best guard, Buddy Hield can do something and Buddy Hield can follow a game plan. And we know Buddy Hield can get hot and make shots. I've seen Buddy Hield in the playoff game get hot and make shots. Change a series for us. I've seen Buddy Hield do that. And I think Quinn is doing themselves a huge disservice by not playing Buddy Hield. Corey Kispert ain't ready for these playoffs. I'm sorry, I've watched enough. He's not ready for these playoffs. Buddy Hield is ready and always ready whenever his number is called and he's been in these situations. And I think Buddy Hield is going to open the floor up for JJ. I think uh Dyson Daniels. Dyson Daniels has been bad this series, man. And for what he's giving you defensively and not offensively, I think Buddy Hield can give you not the same what but enough defensively and obviously way more offensively. I think as this series moves on, if they want to win this series, they may have to move away from Dyson Daniels a little bit. Because the way it's stifling their offense, it's ultimately affecting JJ. It's ultimately affecting JK getting downhill. And I think you want those young guys running and gunning and getting downhill and then putting pressure on the defense because I think I think that will ultimately unlock Nickeil Alexander-Walker as well. Right? And so I think putting Buddy Hield in can actually unlock all of these guys. And obviously I know the type of um morale I that he's going to bring to the floor. Right? I know the energy that Buddy Hield is going to bring into the floor. If I'm the Hawks, I'm taking a deep look at Buddy Hield. I need Buddy Hield on that floor. You got him over there. I think he's better served for you on the court in this series than on the bench. So, now you've gotten your rotations that it's game four now. It's time to make a change. And you're two to two, but what you've been doing ain't going to get you to the finish line. I think Buddy Hield can help this team get to the finish line. Uh in other news, I saw JK shouted me out after he nudged Nickeil Alexander-Walker uh in the position into position to stop Jalen Brunson. JK said, "I'm going to give my praise to Draymond. Growing up around him, watching him, I've seen him do that so many times. He's one of the best at doing things like that. Number one, I just want to say thank you to the young fella. Um as I'll never forget what Pete Myers told me as a rookie. He said, "Draymond, two things. You owe it to the game to leave the game in a better place than it was when you found it. Number two, you get paid in this league to get the next young guy paid." Meaning, you get paid, the money going to go up. Get the next young guy paid. I've taken those two things to heart in my career. And I try my best to pour into young guys. I've had my failures, but I've done way more good when it come to young guys than I've done bad. And to get uh praise like that from a youngin that like you just poured into like I I still pour into. Like that relationship ain't changed. Love JK to death. That's my young fella. And to see him out there number one doing what he's doing defensively playing his role on the offensive end is is a beautiful sight to see. Because I know what he's capable of. And he's capable of giving you more on the offensive end, but he's playing his role. And I think as the series go on, he going to give you more on the offensive end. But like even watching that last play in game three, where he guarded the guy, switched, stopped it, chased the guy over, got to knock the ball away, ran and picked up the Like, man, what can you do when a guy doing that? Guy with that type of athleticism. He's been in Atlanta for 3 months. So, the offensive role will grow. You go You get a training camp under your belt, all of The offensive role for him will grow. But he's doing what he has to do to stay on the floor. And I love to see it, man. Closing games. Also, shout out to my young fellow, man. Keep changing the series, doing what you're doing. Cuz he is a champion. He's been in these situations. He is the champion on that Atlanta Hawks team. There's no other champion on that Atlanta Hawks team. JK is a champion. And so, to see him showing up in this series, doing what he's doing in this series, I love to see it. So, I just want to thank the young fellow for the shout-out. However, it's your duty, man, to show these young guys the way, to try to help them be better than they were before you found them. And that's just what it boils down to. So, shout-out to my young fellow. Keep doing what you're doing, man. Keep changing the series. The sky is the limit. I've told y'all that from day one with this kid. The sky is the limit for JK. And I I'm loving watching him doing what he's doing. Ultimately, the Hawks has what the Knicks struggle with, which is length and athleticism. And they can win this series, but I think they got to do a better job, and like I said, getting those guys downhill, getting CJ off the ball a little bit, just having CJ playing in front of defense. He's He's off to a great start in this series. But I saw it get a little tougher for him game four. Take more tougher shots than he had been taking. And you still want to keep CJ going. Yes, he's your guy that can get you a bucket, but got to release some of the pressure off of him in order for him to stay playing at this level. And um ultimately the Hawks can do it. Uh this game five will be big. They can win this series. Um I would love to see my young fellas make an impact and and and and get it done. But I do think ultimately the Knicks are going to to ultimately win this series. I think the the these Hawks got a little more growing to do. Uh they're going to need a big game from JJ like I said. But ultimately, I think the Knicks get this one done. And in our last series, we got the Celtics versus the 76ers. The Celtics are up 3-1. Joel Embiid returned to the court. It wasn't quite enough. Uh V.J. Ashcom had an incredible game, too. But has been quiet since. Uh 10 points in game three, six points in game four. Um you know, him Joel coming back does not help V.J. Ashcom. It probably hurts him more than anything because he drops to the fourth option as opposed to sometimes the two. Most times the two. Seldomly the three. He drops all the way to the fourth option. That is a completely different role. And so I know Joel coming back doesn't help him. Now, here's what I will say about the Sixers, though. Y'all know there's there's never no Joel slander on my watch. Guy's an MVP of the NBA. He's had unfortunate injuries. Uh but they've played without Joel so much this year. That to just incorporate him in a starting lineup just because he comes back, I don't think it's the right thing for for a playoff series. Down 2 to 1, but you've had, you know, it took Jason Tatum to hit big shots down the stretch to close you out in game three. And I just don't know that incorporating them into the starting lineup is the right thing to do because they've played so much. Now, it's one thing if Joel has played 60 games this year, but he's played more like 25, maybe 30. And so they just haven't played with him all year. And so to incorporate him in the starting lineup as soon as he gets back, obviously not feeling great. You saw the videos from him in the in the warm-up. Um, like I just don't know that that's the right thing. Yes, you like by the way, you you you you put him in a lineup when their starting center's going off the floor, when their starters are going off the floor, and you come in, your starters are going off the floor, and you just favor him heavily, get him the ball, get him some touches. I think that's a better outcome right now in this circumstance than just incorporating him into the starting lineup because there's just no continuity with that starting lineup. They haven't played much together all year. And so I just don't know that that's the right thing to do, but they I you know, they know more than me. Maybe they feel like if they don't start him, he won't play. I don't know, but sometimes you got to make the tough call. I don't know that him starting right now with such little reps with this group is the best thing. Um, is the best thing for them. Uh, you know, so you got the Celtics up uh 3 to 1, headed back home, and unfortunately, the Celtics has also had this team's number, right? So when you incorporate Joel, they already know how to play Joel. They've done it for years, right? So I think giving them a different look helps. Putting Joel in a different role helps because your standard status quo. They know it already. They figured that out already. So, we'll see. I think Joel can definitely help swing this series, but I think it's going to have to look a little bit differently than what it's normally looks like. We'll see what they do. I don't think they do that. They don't make that call. Most coaches aren't willing to make that call. Uh but, unfortunately, that's going to end with the Celtics in five. I want to thank you all again for tuning in to The Draymond Green Show. That is a playoff breakdown for you. We will continue breaking down these playoffs as they go. We'll give you adjustments that should be made, that could be made. They may make them. They may watch and take the adjustment. I know a thing or two about the playoffs. I know a thing or two about adjustments. Till next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with The Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Hotzman. Video production and creative design by Curt Courtney, Tim Miko, Laura Vieira, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Audacy. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
