What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, we'll get into the NBA combine, Daryl Morey's exit from Philly, and of course, we must talk the NBA playoffs. So, let's just get right into it. This episode of the Draymond Green Show is presented to you by Kayios. Stay tuned for the rest of the show where I'll tell you about their brand new ready-to-drink pre-workout beverage. We're going to get into all the second round series, but first, we're going to start the show today with the rapid-fire warm-up brought to you by Kayios and their new creatine EAA booster drink. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. The NBA combine is taking place right now in Chicago, and man, do I remember those days. Um the NBA combine is is cool because you kind of get to know some guys that you, you know, you know of, right? But you don't really know. Um one relationship that I remember first beginning at the NBA combine, um and has stretched throughout the tenure of our careers, is that's the first time I met Dame Lillard. And immediately right then, we hit it off. Like, and I think it was just a respect for like I didn't come from a smaller school, he come from a smaller school, but almost being overlooked. And you kind of just like under had an understanding for each other. Right? And so, I think that's one of the good things about the combine. Um if I'm honest though, it's it's one of the shittiest days of your or shittiest few days of your career. Uh because you're under this huge micro microscope. Um you're doing all these meetings where you get asked these dumb-ass questions, and they're just trying to like catch you up and stuff. Um you're going to all these medical appointments where they only want to red flag you and drop your draft stock. Like it's kind of this thing that doesn't you know, it it it it doesn't add a bunch of value, but it's but it subtracts it. You know, and I'll get into that. But anyway, we had some newsworthy uh performances. Um when I came through the NBA combine, we didn't play five on five, which I think would have actually helped my draft stock tremendously. We only did workouts, and I'm just not a big workout guy. Um never have been. Put me in the game, let's go. Workouts, nah. Right? And so, we only did drill stuff. Which I think was actually to my detriment. It's good that they play five on five now. And which Baylor's Cameron Carr uh had 30 points in the scrimmage. You know, measured at a 6-4 6-4 height, 7-ft wingspan. Like the measurables was great to have 30 in the scrimmage. Great day for him. Uh Michigan had a couple guys who had standout measurables and drills and different things. Um Moussa Johnson Jr. drew Bam Adebayo comparisons. Measured at 6-9 with a 7-ft wingspan. Now, here's a situation where that's going to help this guy, right? Like you watch him play at Michigan, wasn't really one of the focal points, but was very important and key to them winning. And then he comes out with these measurables, 6-9, 7-ft wingspan. Like he's a lot bigger than I'm sure everybody thought he was. Top performer in pro lane drill, top performer in 3/4 court sprint court sprint. And a max vertical jump, right? And so, here's a situation. Like now, because of his measurables, he's being compared to Bam Adebayo. One thing I can assure you, no one was comparing him to Bam Adebayo before the combine. So, there's a situation where it wins for you. You know, um Michigan's Ademola uh measured in at 7-3 with a 7-ft 6 wingspan. 9-ft 9 standing reach tied with Mark Williams for second largest standing reach in combine history only behind Tacko Fall. That's something that's going to help him out. Right now, what will be interesting with Moussa is we're going back to the day and age where we're drafting big men uh really high and due to the success of Joker, Joel. But, what's going to get interesting and tricky with drafting big men now is your big man's going to like the the person you're going to be drafting your big man to guard now is going to be Victor Wembanyama. Which is going to be interesting because you're not going to be able to draft big logs, but you're going to need the size. But, there's no Victor Wembanyamas anywhere else. So, how you're drafting the big man and why is actually going to get very interesting. Uh Virginia Tech's Toby LaWar recorded the second best standing vertical in NBA combine history at 40 and 1/2 in. All great things. All these people could help themselves now. Kingston Fleming's um kind of tested a bit small, 6-2 and 1/2 6-3 and 1/2 wingspan. Which looks tough when you're going up against a guard who measured at 6-2 and 1/2 and a 6-7 and 1/2 wingspan in Darius Acuff. Right? So, now people start using things like that against you. The reality is I don't put much stock into the combine. In some situations like these I just mentioned where they can help you, but I think the combine is kind of a technicality and a complete waste of time. Um you can go to the combine I what I will say is the NBA combine is not as beneficial as the NFL combine. Somebody can go to the NFL combine, test out the waters, and go from a fifth-round pick to a second-round pick. That ain't really happening in the NBA combine, which I think is why it's actually pointless. Daryl Morey was fired by the Sixers. Uh my guy former Warriors general manager who drafted yours truly, Bob Myers, will oversee the 76ers basketball department in the interim. He will lead the search for the franchise's new executive. And quite honestly, what I do know is if you're able to be in the running for this job, you're lucky because you get Bob Myers as a soundboard. You get one of the greatest GMs as a soundboard when you're stepping into this job. And what better tool can you have? It's like Bob's a goat, right? Like to have Jerry West as a soundboard, what an incredible tool that was for front office members to have, whether that was Bob, whether that was Lawrence Frankin, um in Clippers or dating back to Jerry's days as general manager, president. Like what an incredible thing you get to have in taking this job and you got Bob Myers as a soundboard. Someone who's not afraid to go for it. Like that's incredible. And I think whoever gets this job, it'll be very beneficial. Whether that's just beneficial during your tenure with the 76ers or as you move forward, you've been under that tutelage. Very, very beneficial. Now in other news Bob Myers is to has been to Daryl Morey almost what Michael Jordan was to like Stockton and Malone. Like, you are you've done great work. I mean, I'm not saying Daryl Morey is Stockton or Malone, but you'll get the reference in a second. But you've done some great work, right? You traded for James Harden when nobody believed, gave him a max contract, and then James Harden proceed to become who he's become. Um you built a team with the Houston Rockets that was a very good roster that was built to beat the Golden State Warriors. It didn't quite happen, but built a good team. Uh you go to Philly and sign Tyrese Maxey to a max deal, right? Like, still some good things in Philly. Just can't quite get over the hump. And Bob Myers he Daryl Morey couldn't get over the hump due to teams that Bob Myers was putting together. And now um Daryl Morey is going to lose his role as the president of basketball operations due to Bob Myers um making the basketball decisions in Philly. Uh which he's well des- you know, he's more than capable and well deserved and should be making basketball decisions anywhere. Uh but Daryl Morey just kind of keeps running into Bob Myers and this it's unfortunate. Um I know Bob means well, but Morey kind of had this one coming. Uh you had the whole James Harden situation that got butchered a couple years ago. Uh the the writing was kind of on the wall once Bob got announced the president of all the sports uh that um Josh Harris and David Blitzer own. You're You're the New Jersey Devils, you're talking uh uh Philadelphia 76ers, you're talking the Washington Commanders. Bob has a say in all of that. And so, you kind of knew once that was announced that this was kind of going to happen. Uh also, big hit to the NBA family as Brandon Clark and Jason Collins passed away uh within the last few days. Um man, you know, it's like obviously uh with Jason Collins, uh I have you know, I've been around him due to Jaren Collins uh being our assistant coach. So, Jason would come around, always super pleasant, always super nice. Uh very easy to talk to, super outgoing. Um and you know, for the last couple years have struggled with a bout with cancer and ultimately uh passed away 2 days ago. And so, I want to send my love and well wishes uh and prayers up, but love to the Collins family. Um I can't imagine you know, you always hear the love of a twin. You know, and as a twin for Jaren to lose the other half of yourself, obviously not as wife, that's your better half, but twin come it's different. And um I can't imagine what he's going through. So, I really send my love and respect um to the Collins family. And Brandon Clark, uh who I've had the opportunity to play against, play against a meaningful series, um and just kind of watching the young fellow grow. I know him and Jaren Jackson, who obviously I'm it's my young Spartan dog, um had a very close relationship. And uh you know, it's it's unfortunate uh because, you know, I've also heard over the last couple years him talk about the strain that the going through the injury was putting on his life. And then to come back last year and only play two games, you know, um this stuff is serious, man. And I'm not implying nothing uh other than just check on your people. Make sure your people good. Shh. You love somebody, check on them. Cuz tomorrow just ain't promised. So, I send my well wishes and love to Brandon Clark, the Clark family, the Memphis Grizzlies organization and family, all his friends and loved ones. Uh can't imagine. Can't imagine. Don't want to imagine. So, just want to send my love. Thanks to our friends at Kayex for sponsoring the rapid-fire warm-up. I'm feeling ready to go, and you'll feel ready to go for your workouts with their brand new creatine EAA booster drink. This Swiss-engineered ready-to-drink pre-workout beverage has a dual-chamber cap from V-Cap that keeps the creatine, caffeine, and other ingredients separate until you open it. Just push the cap and it mixes right in. Finally, creatine that stays creatine and is ready to drink. Quick stat for you. Phoenix tourism is up 23%. Hotel occupancy is at 89%. And the developer called Intersect Development, who already has 15 properties live and operating on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix, has purchased the land for what might be the most interesting hotel project in the country. It's the first-ever Atari hotel. And before you write that off as a novelty concept, consider that the gaming industry just crossed $450 billion. Bigger than film and music combined. This project sits at the crossover of that culture with one of the strongest hospitality markets in the US. Even more interesting is that they filed a Reg A+ with the SEC, which means you can pull up the actual financials, projections, full deal structure, and become an investor. Check it out at atarihotels.com. So, if you like alternative investments and doing your own due diligence, this one's worth a look. That's atarihotels.com. If you're trying to keep up with the NBA playoffs right now, you already know. The games are kind of everywhere. One night it's on ESPN, then the next game you want to watch is on ABC or NBC. And suddenly, you're bouncing between apps trying not to miss tip-off. It can get overwhelming fast. That's why I've been liking Sling. It's one of the most flexible live TV streaming services out there, and it really lets you watch the playoffs your way. If you're mostly trying to catch the ESPN games, their passes are a great option. You can grab a one, three, or seven-day pass, depending on what you need, which is perfect if you're following a specific match-up or just tuning in for a big weekend. And the best part is, there are no long-term contracts, so you're not locked into anything. You can watch on your terms, however you want. Learn more at sling.com. Steve Kerr talked to ESPN about his decision to return and this past season. What I can say about that is, that I actually believe that. Um, you know, if you just think about his energy kind of leading up to it, you know, he was saying all the right things and doing all the right things, but it was just a grind. You know, you're going through There's no Steph. There's no Jimmy. There's no Moses. And you're kind of going through the ringer, and you kind of feel like the writing on is on the wall. Now, I think a part of that could be you want to also mentally prepare yourself, right? Things aren't going well. Don't really know if Steph's coming back, and you kind of just want to mentally prepare yourself for the worst. Um, then after winning that Clipper game, it's it Man, it's it's crazy because I walked out of that game. I'm like, this is why you play. Right? Like, this is the reason these type of moments, this is why you do it. And so, I understand how that could be reinvigorating for someone. Um because it's it's that adrenaline, it's that feeling that that pushes you through all the tough times. It's that it's that thing that makes you want to keep going and want to do it again. And so, completely understood that. Um you know, congrats to Steve on on signing this contract and being back as the Golden State Warriors um head coach. I think, you know, big deal obviously to put that behind um and move forward and kind of know the path at least for the next 2 years, I think is uh is pretty big-time. So, congrats to Steve on head coach. Uh also want to say thank you to Terry Stotts and Jerry Stackhouse. Man, Jerry Stackhouse, I'm salty to see go. Uh just been able over the last 2 years to build a relationship um a mutual respect uh a a brotherhood like I tell Stack all the time, man, you remind me so much of my Uncle Benny. Sound like my Uncle Benny, the things they say, how they go at things. Um and so, just having that familiarity kind of drew me to him right away. And uh forever grateful. Obviously, the relationship don't stop here. Um but it's going to suck to see him not see him walk in on a daily basis. Uh but the things I've learned from over the last couple years, forever grateful for. Also, he's my golf buddy. Uh been helping me a lot on the golf course. That'll but shout out to my man Stack. Appreciate you, man. All right, now that it's finally spring, I've been outside a lot more. Walking more, making plans, traveling a bit, just doing more in general. And every time this season hits, I realize I want clothes that can actually keep up with that energy. But updating your wardrobe every spring gets expensive fast. That's honestly why I started looking for a better option and ended up signing up with Fabletics as a VIP, which completely changed how I shop this time of year. When I signed up as a new VIP, I got 70 to 80% off everything, which made it super easy to grab a few new pieces without overthinking it. What surprised me most was the quality, and the versatility is the real win. Matching sets, joggers, lightweight hoodies, tees, stuff you can work out in and then wear the rest of the day without changing. Lately, I've been living in their lightweight set and just wore it on a long weekend walk around the waterfront. Comfortable enough for hours, but still put together. And I didn't even realize they also have scrubs now, which is perfect timing with Nurses Week coming up. Shop now at fabletics.com/draymond to get 70 to 80% off everything when you sign up as a new VIP. Take a quick style quiz and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock this offer. This is a limited-time offer, so don't wait. Again, that's fabletics.com/draymond for 70 to 80% off everything as a new VIP. Now, it's time for our slingshot of the night, brought to you by Sling TV, the most flexible live TV streaming service. Watch the NBA playoffs on ESPN with the Sling one, three, or seven-day pass, starting at $4.99. Learn more at sling.com. And think we'll have a couple slingshots of the night uh due to Wemby completely putting Rudy Gobert into the Looney Tunes sign. Remember how I spin? He had Rudy turning in circles. Uh and then proceeded to drop the dime. It reminded me of when Steph caught Rudy on the perimeter, shot fake and went by him, but didn't really go nowhere and Rudy ran in This is when he was with Utah. He ran into the paint and then came uh Steph had that man doing complete circles. Um that's what this one reminded me of except it was in a very tight space and and into a drop-off. Um Wemby is is is is getting trickier by the day. Uh he's getting more and more comfortable, but he had Rudy in the spin cycle. And then lastly, Cavs get seven points in 17 seconds to put the momentum in their favor heading into OT and ultimately to win game five. And there was not one particular shot that did it except those seven points in 17 seconds just should never happen. And it did. And due to that, that must be the Sling Shot of the Night brought to you by Sling TV. Sling puts the consumers in control with their flexible subscription options. Want to watch one game or even a full series on ESPN? Grab a one, three, or seven-day pass starting at $4.99. If you want to watch as many games as possible, get a monthly subscription with their combo package. Either way, Sling lets you watch the playoffs your way with no long-term contracts. Learn more at sling.com. I'm always looking for anything that actually helps with performance and recovery without turning into a complicated routine of powders and supplements. That's why Kaya's caught my attention. This is a ready-to-drink creatine booster that's engineered to work the way creatine is supposed to. It's Swiss-engineered, sugar-free, and it even won a global innovation award this year. The reason it's different is because most creatine drinks lose effectiveness sitting on shelves. Kaya's solved that with this really smart V-cap design. The creatine stays sealed separately inside the cap until you open the bottle. So, when you press it and drink it, you're getting the full fresh clinical dose right then and there. And it goes beyond creatine. You've got essential amino acids for muscle support, citrulline for endurance and blood flow, caffeine for focus, plus betaine, electrolytes, and plant extracts to help with hydration and recovery, too. It's one of the few performance products I've heard about lately that genuinely feels innovative. Kaiaex creatine EAA booster, visit kaiaex.com to discover more. That's kaiaex.com. Now, we'll get into the playoffs. The San Antonio Spurs beat the Timberwolves 126-97 to take a 3-2 series lead, and Wemby completely dominated. Keldon Johnson returned to form that won him Sixth Man of the Year. And Dylan Harper does something else every game that makes you think how bright the San Antonio Spurs' future is going to be. Um, now, San Antonio completely controlled this game pretty much the entire game, except for a 4 or 5 minute stretch where the Timberwolves took a 15-point deficit and tied the game at 61-61. Only for the San Antonio Spurs to go on an incredible run, pretty much a 30 1-7 run, um, 32-7 run, which ultimately put them up at one point, 93-68. Just when you thought Minnesota had found their footing, was about to make it a game, the Spurs just took off. And it just goes to show kind of how dynamic this team is. You get Wemby goes to the bench and Keldon Johnson starts playing well. Dylan Dylan Dylan Harper I I I didn't get to see him play much in college. But every time I see him play in the NBA, he does something that's more and more impressive to me. Something to where you're like, "Yo, two years from now, this kid like And he just keeps getting better. And and it's unassuming, right? Like it's not it's not crazy flashy except he'll mix you fast, you know? It's not like he's blazing fast speed except once he get going downhill, you can't catch up to him. Like it kind of looks a bit deceiving. But he's so nice. So nice. And with him playing like I I still think like and obviously he's a rookie. He's still figuring it out. Like this is his first playoff series. But as he get more and more comfortable over the next couple years, he has not taken that step of like, "Yo, I am the guy. I am that guy." Not that he'll be the guy because Victor Wembanyama's there. Stephon Castle's there. But I am one of the guys. Like really one of them. I don't he don't even have that mindset yet. Which is going to make him even better player. You know, so I I I thought it's been extremely impressive to watch during these playoffs. He has the most bench points in the playoffs. Second youngest guard ever to record multiple double-doubles in the playoffs past only only Derrick Rose. Right? Like when you start looking just take a step back and look at Dylan Harper I think he's extremely special. Extremely special. You know, I think um you look at the trio Wembanyama, Castle, and Harper and you got to imagine these young guys stay healthy. Keep egos in check. Because sometimes egos can get involved and they don't seem like the type of guys that I don't think the Spurs really draft the type of guys that ego get involved, but people do change. But as long as ego don't get involved, you look at these these three guys. They have size. Within this Within this trio, they have size amongst all of them, ball handling amongst all of them. They have shooting. They have defense. They have a point guard. They have everything that you would need to build a foundation within those three guys. And now you just will always need to plug and play. Wow. Wow. Not to mention, you know, to have Coach Magic Johnson, to have a sound board, speaking of sound boards, we spoke about Bob Myers, to have a sound board like Gregg Popovich, Coach Pop, who is reportedly involved in the Spurs film session after game one lost to the Wolves, met with the team after their game four loss. Like to have someone that you know that all y'all You keep hearing Wembanyama say, "We don't got the experience. We don't care." When you can turn to a Gregg Popovich and yes, he's not in there every day, but he's around in all the times that you need. That's a very confident feeling because he's going to like Steve Kerr, know all the right things to say and when to say them. Right? So, where Magic Johnson may not understand, just only because he hasn't been in the situation, not because he's not a great coach, because he is a great coach, but you only know what you know. You only know what you've been through. And so, to have that sound board like, "Oh, well, I remember when we went through this with that, this is how y'all need to be approaching this. What a special place. What a special place that Coach Popovich has built that they've continued to grow and enhance. Absolutely incredible. You know, so you got to ask yourself the question with all of those things, can you extend this series to a game seven? The answer is yes, you can. Um and the reason you can is because as inexperienced as this team is that we just spoke about, they don't necessarily know how to close. Now, they have closed, but they don't necessarily know how to close. Now, ultimately they will win this series. Can Minnesota extend it is one thing, but what they must play at is these guys don't know how to close. Let's come out, punch first, punch second. They're going to punch third, let's punch fourth because they don't know how to close simply because they haven't been there. In comes De'Aaron Fox. If they want to close this series in six, Fox is going to have to take over the game at some point cuz he is the one that has been in these situations. Obviously not to get to the conference finals, but he's been in these situations, playoff situations where you need one to close. Fox has been in the situation. So he's felt that pressure before. He knows what it's like. I don't know that they can extend it. However, like I said, Fox is the key. If they're going to close it in six, it must be De'Aaron Fox taking over the reins. Cavs beat the Pistons 117 to 113 in overtime to take a 3-2 series lead. Uh Cleveland ultimately trailed by nine with like three minutes to go. Um closed the game on a 9-0 run to force OT. And and I must be honest, I'm sitting there watching this game and like I couldn't believe it. Got to give Evan Mobley credit. Seven straight points to force OT and the big three. Um Only to then go on to outscore the Pistons 14 to 10 in overtime. James second straight big game, 30 points, eight rebounds, six assists, three blocks. There's a lot of talk about James. There's a lot Oh, he can't do this. He can't do that. There's a lot of talk about him. And I said a couple episodes ago y'all aren't giving the Pistons credit for the defense that they were playing. However which further backs up what I said James has figured out the defense. Because when you are a great scorer, when you are a great player, when you are James Harden you've seen every defense including guys standing behind you guarding to send you to the rim. You've seen every defensive coverage you can possibly imagine. Although they're super athletic, although they're super young length you've seen every defense you can possibly imagine. At some point you get comfortable and you figure out the reason, you figure it out. You figure out the timing. And I think James has just figured it out now. So much talk, "Oh man, his legacy's going to be over." Like, stop. It's crazy. It's James Harden. And he's shown that these last couple games. We talk about swing players, guys swinging a series. Max Strus 20 points, eight rebounds, but not only that, I said earlier in this series they ain't waiting to answer guarding K. Can't do it. And although K had a big game Max Strus is picking him up full court. KD finished with 39. And although he had a big game, down the stretch, when the when the Cavs were on that 9-0 run to force OT, KD didn't have the ball. And to me, it looked like he was a bit tired. And what it was reminiscent of was watching Anthony Edwards, um, was it a year ago? Two years year ago. Two years ago. When they played the Dallas Mavericks. And it just seemed like to me in that conference finals that Ant-Man ran out of gas. And Ant-Man spoke on that. He said, "I got to get in better shape. Ran out of gas." What it looked like the other night was KD ran out of gas. Now, we're speaking of swing players, Max Strus picked him up full court every time. Made basket, Max Strus, right there. And so, I think over the course of time, ultimately in that game, with the overtime, KD played 48 minutes. And I think he just ran out of gas. And so, when you look at the team, you know, you speak on the Minnesota Timberwolves with Ant-Man, ball dominant, um, heavy heavy need to make every play for the team. Same position KD's been in. And I think, you know, I I watched that for years with James Harden uh when we played the Rockets. And when you're playing that style of basketball, it's just so hard for those guys late to deliver. We Our whole game plan would be, "Yo, James is going to go off. Probably going to have 20 in the first half. They probably going to be up 20 in the first half. But we just stay the course cuz he going to get tired. And we going to storm him." And that's what happened every time. And that's So, that's what was reminiscent That that game was reminiscent of to me. Was just to watch like, man, this guy who has to make every play offensively, ultimately, I think just ran out of gas. Couldn't close the game out. So, then you had other guys taking shots and trying to make plays down the stretch and it just didn't work. Because ultimately, that has to be Cade. But when you got to do it for 48 minutes with a guy picking you up full court every time, I think ultimately, he just ran out of gas. And so, how do you combat that? I don't know that it can be combated right now. Uh it's probably an off-season thing. They can still win this series, but they're going to have to find a way. And Tobias had a tough game. My thing is, Tobias has been solid all game and down the stretch, Tobias didn't really get any touches. Once the game got haywire, you see you see Cade a little tired, get get Tobias a mid-post touch. Even if he doesn't score, he was struggling to shoot uh struggling to score with a shot that game. I think he finished the game 6 for 17 or something like that. Even if he doesn't score, it slows the game down. You're up nine points with 3 minutes to go. Even if you don't score another point, you should win that game. You get that ball to Tobias, Cade naturally slows it down. Cade didn't have the ball or Tobias. So, everything is just going going going. You get that ball to Tobias, it slows the game down. Now, you got a 20 to 24-second shot clock that runs off, right? Like, say you get an offensive rebound, that's another 14 seconds. Right? That's managing the game. And so, I think if you can get Tobias a post touch down the stretch, mid-post, let him work and slow the game down. Maybe he don't score. Maybe he get a kick out for a three. Maybe you get an offensive rebound. Or maybe you just waste 24 seconds as opposed to four. It's a big difference. You know, so some of the things I think they need to do down the stretch, I actually thought um I thought it was crazy that the NBA came out and said that that that that was no it was a no call. Um Ausar Thompson got tripped. Point-blank period, incidental or not. I hate when they say, "Oh, like yeah, he did trip him, but it was incidental." Hey, man. Sometimes I foul and I didn't mean to. It was incidental. That's the nature of basketball. Sometimes you may trip someone and you didn't try to you still tripped them. That's a foul. So, I don't know where or how it's like, "Oh, man, that wasn't a foul." He had a guy up ahead he could have hit and got a quick shot off. But, he got tripped and lost the ball. I thought that was crazy. Jalen Duren struggled a bit uh in these playoffs. And it's interesting because everybody's like, "Yo, did he is he losing himself a lot of money?" And the reality is say if his max is 210. What's going to happen is without an offer sheet, he'll get anywhere from 160 to 180 from the Pistons. Everybody's saying, "Oh, man, is this mental? Why is he struggling like this?" And the reality is this. When you get in the playoffs, the thing that you do best is taken away in the first round. Maybe sometimes, depending on the first round opponent, maybe not. But, by the second round, the thing you do best and sometimes the the second best thing is gone. Now, you got to do other things, which is why you see so many guys struggle in the playoffs. And so, Jalen Duren averaged 19 and 1/2 points in the regular season. Well, he get four to five lobs a game. Once you get in a playoff series and a team goes, "Yo, when somebody drive, we're not stepping up. We're not helping off his body. We're not giving up those lobs. And all of a sudden you go from four or five lobs a game to one if you're lucky. That would drop your scoring average from 19 and a half to 10 11 points a game, which is where Jalen Duren is. And so ultimately what will have to happen is this summer he going to have to work on what what are you going to get to when you can't get the lobs? What are you going to get to when it all ain't working? What's your go-to? Right? That's what he's ultimately going to have to work on because you on these finals now it's it reminds me of when we're playing the the Houston Rockets. It's Clint Capela. Clint Capela was one of the best lob threats in the league during that time. Our whole game plan they drive don't step up off Clint Capela body. Take the lobs away. That cut his average in half. Right? It's the same thing Jalen Duren's going through right now. They're taking the lobs away. Wemby's going through some of it. They taking some of the lobs away. Right? Wemby just does so many other things that he's still going to get to it. But if you don't do all those other things and now they're just taking all the lobs away that will cut your points per game if you're Jalen Duren by eight to 10 points. And so you know, I think what the Pistons focus has to be with him is like yo, we need rebounds. We need defense. We need this and then get some offensive rebounds and putbacks. Right? Like impact the game. Don't necessarily have to come off a lob because they ain't giving that to us. But I don't know that you can win at a very high level with Jalen Duren not in the game. I just don't I I don't know that he's an All-star for a reason. And he he's up for the contract he's up for for a reason. So they're going to have to figure that out. They're going to need a big Jalen Duren especially against Jared Allen and Evan Mobley. So hopefully they can figure it out. But it's been rough on them. Still got a chance to change. It's a beautiful thing about the NBA. You got another game tomorrow. I want to thank you all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. Until next time. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think. And it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Odyssey and executive produced in conjunction with The Volume. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The Volume and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephine Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Gallen.
