What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. Today's show I'll get into some of the headlines that I've taken note of over the past few days, including JT Jason Tatum back on the floor after 10 months due to an Achilles surgery. What has it been like the last few days guarding KD and Shea and Kenny Atkinson as well take which was a pretty wild one. Let's get to it. The Draymond Green Show is proudly presented by Groom. Groom proves that you can do the least and still feel the most thanks to a delicious daily habit that does the heavy lifting. Save up to 52% off with code Draymond at grooms.co. That's code Draymond at g r u n s.co. Recording this from Utah from my hotel room as we get ready to take on the Utah Jazz. But first before we move into that game last couple games guarding KD, guarding Shea the game before that guarding Kawhi. Um So our coach staff walked in and they like yo we're going to put you on Kawhi. All right, great. You know, um had a pretty good defensive effort against Kawhi. They walk in the next day like all right, we're putting you on KD. All right, great. Decent effort guarding KD. Next day or and when I say next day I'm talking the days and you know the day of the game. Yo we're going to put you on Shea. All right, cool. You know, and that's kind of what it's been. Um And you know, I've always talked about when you have the opportunity to guard some of the best players in the game it it brings out the best in you as a competitor. Like if you're a competitor I know for me personally I don't want to be the guy that's just out there getting annihilated. I want to make it tough on these guys. After the game I want them to feel like they had to figure it out. Because the reality is when you're guarding guys like that, you're not going to lock them down. They're going to get every opportunity to score. Whether that's from a team, um you know, and when I say the team, I mean their entire offices are built around these guys getting shots. Uh whether that is through foul shooting, um referees, all the different things. These are great scorers. A part of being a great scorer, you're going to be good at getting to the free throw line. All three of these guys get to the free throw line. You know, and so they're going to get every chance possible to reach the numbers that you're accustomed to seeing. As a defender, for me, how what does that look like in them reaching their numbers, right? Like what what did it require them to adjust? Did they just reach those numbers being comfortable and getting to every thing that they wanted to get to? Or they had to do some other things in order to ultimately do that, which takes them a little bit out of their game plan, which makes it a little harder for the role players because you're not you accustomed to them doing what they are currently doing at that time. And so then it takes some figuring out of how you play off of that. You know, because everyone feeds off of the star. And you figure out how you get yours off of that. And so if I can make these guys do something a little differently to where it also throws the other guys off and put them in positions that they're not accustomed to being. That's also a part of guarding superstar players. You know, that's another lens to look at it through. It's it's always just not about locking up the guy, but more so how does it happen? And so KD finished 23 points on 8 for 16 shooting, um which is a very efficient night. 50% from the field, kind of what you expect from KD. Obviously under average uh below his average. But also, I think in guarding a guy like KD, it's not necessary how many shots you make or miss. How many shots can I also stop you from taking? You know, if I deny you the ball, you know, keep the ball out of your hands, and different things. And also, when you're guarding these guys, it's a complete team effort, you know, it's not just like, "Oh man, it's just me mano a mano, we're playing one on one." That's not how basketball works. Uh basketball, five guys are working on a string defensively, and if and if everyone isn't working on that string, puts you at a disadvantage, especially when you're playing against these guys. I was telling a couple guys on the bench uh during throughout the OKC game after my first time I checked out, I said, "Man, it's very interesting guarding Shai. Of those three guys that I named, uh Shai is probably the one I've guarded the least throughout my career." And I said, "Man, it's very interesting guarding Shai. The moment you think you can relax, he's trying to get downhill. And he's always live. And thing with Shai is he's slithery, you know, so if there's a if there's a gap, he's gone, you know, and it's um it's pretty interesting experience, because then you also Shai uses all your momentum on the defensive end against you. You know, if you're trying to cut him off, he's going to use that he's going to use that momentum uh for you to not only not cut him off, but he's going to use you to cut your help defender off. You know, and so there's a lot of things uh Shai's very clever as a scorer. There's a lot of different things that you have to uh be ready for uh when guarding him. And obviously, Kawhi. Uh Kawhi is as tough a guard as there is, especially right now, the way he's been playing uh this year. Just look healthy, bouncy, um you know, really really really tough guard. Handles crazy, mid-range crazy, three ball crazy, strength crazy, athleticism. Kawhi got the whole package. Uh needless to say, I think like I said, for me personally, uh when you have the opportunity, you know, it's just competing at a high level, man. Trying to beat our aggressor, trying to make these guys take shots that they don't want to shot take, put them in uncomfortable positions that they don't want to be in. And you know, that's that's that's the mission. That's the goal. Um I like taking on these challenges because it it's a certain level of locked in that you have to be at in order to take on these challenges. And you know, as you get later in your career, that's usually the thing that's hardest to find. Is how to lock in in certain games. And so, when you have responsibilities like this, if you don't lock in, you'll get embarrassed. And I don't want to be the guy out there getting embarrassed, you know? And so, I really enjoy taking on these matchups. I expect as we continue, you know, throughout the season. That's also another thing like when I'm playing next to the five as opposed to playing the five, it allows me to match up with the other team's best player. And regardless of what position that is, it allows me to match up with the other team's best player when I'm playing next to the five and don't have to solely anchor the defense. And so, I really enjoy that. Um you know, enjoying, you know, or embracing those challenges uh because ultimately, like I said, as a competitor, it just brings out the best in the competitor. And I am a competitor. I know there was a couple reactions from the Rockets game uh that everyone was talking about. Uh number one was the inter- interaction uh with KD on defense. Everybody like, "Yo, what y'all talking about?" And I told y'all, man, KB having these crazy one-liners. So, he just hit a crazy one-liner, boom boom. Uh and it was actually about me talking to one of the guys on our team. Uh I had Jabari Malaba up. And when I Jabari Malaba up KD was like, "Man, you Jabari him up like you don't even know." It was It was just a funny moment. Cuz I'm just telling him in the moment like, "All right, we do this and then he like, "All right, bet." Shook his hand, we on to the next thing. KD standing there looking at him. He like, "Man, you Jabari him up like you don't even know." And I'm like, "Nah, man." I actually like Malaba like he's a good young fellow, you know. Uh very respectful. Wants to learn. But it was funny as hell. I just just wanted them things in the moment, man. And then everyone's talking about the technical foul on Jabari Smith. Like, "Oh, Draymond being crazy." So, let me explain to y'all what happened. What happened is I'm guarding KD. I'm I am top locking KD, which means KD is trying to come off a pin down. I have my back completely to the guy who's setting the screen forcing KD down the floor. Another tactic in not allowing him to catch the ball. When KD catch the ball good luck. Um and so Jabari took the foul. Stood there like, "Hell yeah, get more physical with these dudes. Yeah, I push him down." Well, me being who I am you I I don't think anyone should let that happen, but I'm definitely not letting that happen. Uh the only thing I can do in that moment is what I did. You know. I think the one thing that people don't understand about this game is you can't give people an edge in the NBA. You give somebody an edge, you lose. And I'm I wasn't going to give him an edge. And we won, right? Uh in a in a situation where Jabari was struggling mightily um you're not going to find your edge on that play. And I'm not going to be the guy that you foul and I fall down and you stand over me and walk over me and and talk. That ain't going to ever work. So, that's what happened on that play. I know everyone tend to not ever want to see um other people's actions or what they say or what they do, and I really don't give a damn. Uh but, that's what happened. And if I fall down and you step over me, something will happen to you. That's just the way it's going to go. Way it's always going to be. Nothing changing about that. And then also, the end of the game play uh interactions with KD, you know, talking to KD uh at the free throw line, trying to get him to miss a shot. Uh you know, I think ironically enough, I was going up to talk to K, and Tyrese got in the way. I think actually Tyrese and getting in the way actually created the moment. It made it a thing when it could have just been me. Like, come on, K. You know, he actually made it a whole thing, which makes the pressure on free throw rise even more. You know, but just things that guys don't understand. And when you're looking for a mental edge, you take the mental edge. That was a good game, though. Um you know, like I said, anytime I get KD is a guy who gave me 54 points as a rookie. Anytime you get the opportunity to match up with a guy who gave you 54 points as a rookie, you're always going to be up for that match up. You're always going to do whatever you can to not allow that to happen again. And so, it's always fun playing against K. Uh he's one of the greatest scorers I've ever played against and by far the toughest guy I've ever had to guard in this league. So, when I get that opportunity, it tests my skills. You know, it tests what what level am I able to lock in? Can I get the better of him on some possessions? I know he's going to get the better of me on some possessions. And so, that challenge is always fun to me. I think I I like guarding K more than anyone in the league just because of the challenge that it presents. Like, it is such a challenge. He's 7 ft, fast, quick as hell, um does everything with precision. And he's obviously not taking bad shots. So, I probably enjoy guarding K more than anybody just because of the challenge that it poses. Um when you're when you're guarding him, you have to be at your best. And then lastly, before we move on the association, a lot of people are saying Al Horford is the best center the Warriors have had since Andrew Bogut. And I think the reason people are making that comparison is because Al's a great defensive anchor. Al is smart as hell. Al makes everyone around him better. I've enjoyed like crazy playing with Al Horford. It makes the game so much more easier when he's out there on the floor. So, um I'm not getting up into who's the best center since this, that, and the other. But, what I can tell you is I absolutely love playing with Al Horford. Makes my job a lot easier, but also allows me to do my job to the highest of my abilities, which I can appreciate. Uh coming up next after the break, I'll go around the association, uh talk about JT returning to the court, Daryl Morey's comments on the three-point shot, which is very interesting. And then we'll get into a little college basketball, the chaos surrounding Miami of Ohio's undefeated season, and much, much more. We'll be back right after this. There's just something about a new workout set that makes you feel unstoppable. Like suddenly, you're showing up different. The problem is, buying new gear all the time isn't exactly realistic. That's why joining Fabletics as a VIP is such a game-changer. When you sign up as a new VIP, you get 80% off everything. Fabletics feels like the kind of high-end activewear you'd easily pay a couple hundred dollars for, but you're not paying that much. And the fit? Dialed in. No waistbands creeping down, joggers that actually keep their shape, jackets that keep you warm without feeling bulky. The sets are perfect for cold morning workouts. Stay warm without overheating. Plus, it's reassuring knowing Fabletics has over 2 million VIP members and more than 100 retail stores. Fabletics already has incredible deals and I've got an exclusive offer just for my listeners. Get 80% off everything when you sign up as a VIP. Just head to fabletics.com/draymond, take a quick style quiz, and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock your 80% off. That's fabletics.com/draymond. As promised, now we'll move around the association. Jason Tatum returns to the court after nearly 10 months. Um after rupturing his Achilles. I know everybody spoke about his process uh throughout his return and how he was ahead of schedule and different things due to him get having the opportunity to get surgery the next morning, which isn't usually the case. Um and as great as that is, uh you can get a million people to get surgery the next morning and it doesn't necessarily mean that their recovery is going to be what Jason Tatum's recovery has been because Jason Tatum is a worker. Jason Tatum loves the game of basketball, which is proven by him coming back after 10 months, which most people would have sat out the entire season. You know why? Because he just signed uh 200 and however many 230 plus million-dollar deal. Return for what? Is what most people would say. No, let me get fully healthy. Let me wait till next year, this, that, and the other. Uh kind of very similar to what Dejounte Murray, you know, getting back out there on the floor uh when you could have just sat the rest of the season. Now, obviously, the Celtics are in a much different positions, right? They're number two in the East. Uh still with the possibility to compete for an Eastern Conference Championship and obviously an NBA Championship. But Jason Tatum coming back is is is is about way more than just that. You're talking about a guy who, like I said, absolutely loves the game of basketball. Who basketball is one, two, and three in his life. It's the most important thing in his life. Obviously, a great man, great father, all of those things. But Jason Tatum love basketball. And to see him get back out there, to see the Celtics win both games. You all of a sudden you lose a game, everybody like, "Oh man, look what happened. He came back. He messed up their flow." Love what I saw Jaylen Brown come out and say. Like, "Nah, man, we so happy to get him back out here. We kept this thing afloat. And to have my brother back out there." Like them them the words that matter. My brother back out there. You know, um man. Just exciting exciting stuff. Happy as hell for JT. Um and you know, he's still getting his legs underneath him, but he looked great. 15, 12, and seven in the first game back. 20 points, three boards, two assists against the Cavs. Won by 11. Like to see him back out there doing what he love to do. Uh it's great for the NBA. It's great for Jason Tatum. It's great for the Boston Celtics. It is great for the game of basketball. So, shout out to JT, man, doing the unthinkable. Uh doing what most people want. Uh nothing but love and respect for JT. And it looks amazing seeing him back out there on the floor. Uh what a sight to see. So, shout out to my my my golden brother, JT. All right, and staying in the same lane, Kenny Atkinson called Derrick White a top-five player in his pregame presser. His explanation what probably what probably people aren't measuring measuring is his defensive impact. Analytically, I think it's probably proven in various places that he is that player in that and that's how we treat him. He really disrupts you defensively. He's an elite rim protector. Probably the best guard rim protector in the So, just all of those things and and put it in there with the shooting, you got a great player. Great player for sure. Top five in the NBA. I don't know if Derrick White would agree with that, Kenny. It's hard when you got Joker, when you got um SGA, when you got Cade Cunningham, when you got Steph Curry, you know, when you got Anthony Edwards, um when you got Victor Wembanyama, Kawhi Leonard, let's talk his teammates, Jaylen Brown, Jason Tatum. It's tough. It's tough to put put him in the top five player in the league category. Nonetheless, I absolutely love Derrick White's game. I am a big fan of Derrick White's game. Uh the work that he's consistently put in to become the guy he's become. I got nothing but love but respect for and I got nothing but love but respect for Kenny. Uh he probably just over shot this one a little bit, but this is what coaches do, right? Like, you know, want to soften the guy up a little bit, you know? So, I I I take this as this was Kenny trying to soften D White up a little bit, but Nonetheless, hell of a player, man. Uh one of the one of the better players in this league for sure. Uh definitely plays both sides of the ball. A lot of respect for Derrick White's game. Top five is tough, though. Darrell Mori says, "The NBA is unbalanced and the three-point shot is worth too much." His full comments were, "I was telling the league office they need to fix the three-point problem. That was created by all the analysis from the conference." Assuming he's talking about the NBA's tech conference and MIT conferences that everybody used to go to and all these things. All the analysis from the conference and they were arguing against me. And so, it was sort of like a full circle moment where I do think the game is unbalanced, for sure. Three is too much for that shot, and there needs to be something to do to help fix the game and address it. I believe something needs to be done. I think it's more urgent than tanking. As much as people talk about the different ways people get threes and think that's all true, the reality is 50% more is too much for that shot. We need We somehow need to address that. This is interesting. Uh pot calling the kettle black. If you remember back to 2016, 2017, 2015, 16, 17, 18, 19, Daryl Morey was building a team to beat the Golden State Warriors. Daryl Morey was building the Houston Rockets, and he was very vocal about, "We built this team to beat the Golden State Warriors." And when you fail, and you were so vocal and so upfront about something you set out to do, and you fail, it can be a bit embarrassing. So much so that one's theory, that was to shoot threes and not mid-range, you shoot layups or threes, you do not shoot a mid-range jump shot. That one's theory now doesn't even want the three-point shot to be the three-point shot anymore. Daryl Morey was the guy like, "Yo, we need to launch more and more threes." That was Daryl Morey's theory. And now, the three-point shot is worth too much. What the problem is, in this league, there used to be a lot of basketball people. Bunch of basketball minds. And the league kind of went away from that, and went to all numbers. And Daryl Morey was one of the driving forces behind it. To come out now and try to change the whole game of basketball as we know it and play it because guys have gotten better and good at certain things is ridiculous. It's ridiculous. So now we want out of four point shot or who knows what. But no. Like can we stop trying to just completely rewrite the game of basketball because Daryl Morey came up with a theory that ultimately wasn't successful for him? You came up with a theory with all of these numbers and you know, you're computing these numbers, you're doing these calculations. You come up with a theory that ultimately fails you. And now we want to just like the the the the the shot that was the leading driver in your theory, we want to change it? No. Let me tell you Daryl Morey as someone who plays this game, it is harder to shoot a three point shot. It's harder physically, it's harder mentally. It is tougher. Is the three point shot being shot shot at a high rate and a high higher clip than ever? Yeah. It's the evolution of the game. It's what happens when things evolve. You get better at the current things. But now you want to take it away? But Daryl Morey is supposed to be an NBA champion because due to the three point shot. And because it failed you, now we want to just like rewrite all the rules. I'm sorry, but miss me with this garbage. This is garbage if I've ever heard garbage before in my life. We've got all the mathematicians, all the data analysts, all of these things we got in basketball now. And now you want to change the three-point shot. Come on. This is ridiculous. The theory didn't work, now we need to get rid of it. No, no, no. Stand by your theories, brother. You had a theory of shooting all threes, stand with it. Maybe it'll win you NBA championship one day. Maybe. As we move into college basketball, the Big 12 is debuting the LED court for their conference tournament this week. And I think it's absolutely the worst idea of all time. They had an LED court in the All-Star game, it looked ridiculous. You're putting an LED court in a in a Number one, it can affect these guys. You're going to do that, what is it bringing you besides possibly hurting teams trying to get to the tournament out of your conference? This is ridiculous. Put a hardwood floor down. It's also possibly a bit dangerous because those LED courts do not feel the exact same as a regular hardwood floor. Right? Come on, guys. What are we doing? Also, I don't want to see LED lights under my feet while I'm playing a basketball game. Are you kidding me? It's ridiculous. People just You start to think too outside the box and you get dumb like this. Enough already. Turn the debate online about whether Miami Ohio basketball should make the NCAA tournament. Miami finished the regular season 31 and 0. Miami had no quad one wins and two quad two wins. With a net ranking of 53. You have bubble teams like Auburn who shouldn't even be in the discussion to make the tournament, but because Bruce Pearl said something, everybody's going to act like Auburn should be in tournament. They're 16 and 14 before the conference tournament. Get the hell out of here. Oklahoma, Ohio State, Indiana, New Mexico, all these teams claim that they should be in over Miami Ohio because they played tougher competition. Auburn had four quad one wins and two quad two wins with a net ranking of 39. I'm sorry, you lost 14 games. No. Oklahoma, 16 and 14 as well, had three quad quad one wins, five quad two wins with a net ranking of 55. I'm sorry. No, you're 16 and 14. Ohio State, 19 and 11, had three quad one wins and five quad two wins with a net ranking of 30. Yes, Ohio State should be in. Indiana, 18 and 12, three quad one, three quad two, net ranking of 37. First four in, last four in, whatever. Agree. New Mexico, 22 and eight, two quad one wins, six quad two wins, net ranking of 45. Only eight losses plus eight quad two wins or higher. I'm rocking with New Mexico. Auburn and Oklahoma, get the hell out of here. Now, let's talk Miami. Miami shouldn't be in because no quad one wins and no quad two wins, but they went 31 and 0. I am not sure that they shouldn't be in. I think you go 31 and 0, they won their conference, Mac conference. I think they should get a bid. Now, what that bid should be? If they're first, you know, first four in or whatever, fine, right? They may have to go to Dayton and play, fine. Make your schedule a little tougher because I'll tell you, 28 and three and you play some great teams looks a little better than playing no one and 31 and 0. Needless to say, I am not a part of the group that does not think Miami should be in the tournament. I do think they should be in the tournament, but I I think they should be a lower seed Because you're right, their their their their schedule is dog It's complete trash. And you should get a better schedule. Or else, if it's just going to be about going 31 and 0, then everyone should just start like scheduling bum schedules. If it's just going to be about 31 and 0. So, I think this is double-sided. I think they definitely should get in, but they should be a very low seed because their schedule is But let's not use them and lessen them to make Auburn look better. Auburn was They didn't live up to what they were supposed to. Better luck next year, Auburn and Oklahoma. Coming up next after the break, we have a special edition of Golden Days called Spartan Days cuz it's officially March. And you know, time is Old Man Winter's March. And I have some incredible moments with my Spartan dogs at MSU during this great month. So, we'll get right back into that right after this. Eating well matters, but busy days can make it hard to eat right. Factor is a great way to go if you need to get a meal in after workout, in the middle of a packed day, or whenever you need an easy way to get the right food. These meals are dietitian-designed, chef-crafted, and ready in just 2 minutes. No prep, no cooking, no excuses. Factor meals are packed with lean proteins, colorful veggies, whole food ingredients, and healthy fats. No refined sugars, no artificial sweeteners, no refined oils. Whether you're managing calories, eating more protein, or just aiming for healthier habits, Factor makes it doable. They rotate 100 meals every week with options like high protein, calorie smart, Mediterranean diet, GLP-1 support, and ready-to-eat salads. Plus, the new Muscle Pro line is perfect if you're focusing on strength and recovery. Always fresh, never frozen, and ready in 2 minutes. Finally, a solution that works. So many people rely on Factor, and you should, too. Head to factormeals.com/draymond50off and use code Draymond 50-off to get 50% off and free breakfast for a year. Offer only valid for new Factor customers with code and qualifying auto-renewal subscription purchase. Make healthier eating easy with Factor. And as promised, Spartan Days taking the place of Golden Days this week. You can submit your questions at draymondgreen@audacy.com. And today's questions come from Steve. Steve said, "Hey Draymond, I'm a die-hard Spartan fan and can't wait to watch Izzo and the boys go deep this year, but one of my favorite memories was during the 2010 NCAA tournament against Maryland in the round of 16 when you brought the ball up the court and dished to Corey Lucious for the game-winner. Can you take us through that moment and how Delvon Roe barely got out the way?" Well, number one, I wouldn't say that I necessarily dropped the dime because, to your point, it almost took Delvon Roe's head off. Why Delvon Roe was running in at that time right there, I have no idea, but give credit to Delvon, he knew that pass wasn't going to him and ducked and got out the way. And Corey made the shot. Uh one thing I know about Corey is Corey loved to shoot going to his left. Uh but he made the play. Um in that moment, you know, I know we got to get up the court. I know we got to get a shot off. I pushed it up. I had stopped. And I'm about to pivot throw and rip and I see Corey wide open. I swing to Corey, much better shot than I was about to get off. Um and the reality is I'm not sure I should have dribbled up and picked up my dribble up right there. I probably should have kept attacking the paint. Needless to say, big time, big time, big time shot by Corey Lucious and definitely one of my favorite um NCAA tournament moments. You know, the year before we had just came off a run to the national championship game and eventually lost to North Carolina. Uh so to be in that position against Maryland, uh Greivis Vázquez, a Maryland team who we had played and beat before, um we were a little familiar with this team, but very close game as most NCAA tournament games are. And, you know, we were able to make that play down the stretch, but man, shout out to Corey Lucious uh knocking that knocking that shot down. Uh, and and extending it We obviously end up going to the Final Four that year and ultimately losing to Butler on a play. Foul, but, you know, they don't call it anyway. Uh, big time shot by Lucious, though, um to continue our our trek in the NCAA tournament on to the Sweet 16, um where we eventually took on Northern Iowa uh that year and beat them and then took on Tennessee and beat them to get to the Final Four. Um, but man, what a moment, you know, we we we got an opportunity to celebrate. That flight back home was incredible. Uh, fun fun times, man. Fun times, but happy Delvon Rowe duck, very probably the most important duck of of one's basketball life. The most important duck I've ever seen in a basketball game was Delvon Rowe getting completely in the way and then ducking to get out the way to allow Lucious to make the shot. So, you know, next month a lot of college basketball, so we'll have some more of these. Till next time, thank y'all again for tuning in to the Draymond Green Show. That's a wrap. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in in with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at the New Media and the team at Odyssey. Mora Curran, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schuff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rose, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galley.
