What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. On today's show, I'll go deep into our tough fought um very emotional playing win over the Clippers. Also, our next match-up against the Suns. And we must talk about the LaMelo Ball controversy, as well as what happened with KD and Luka. And Anthony Edwards, if you will. Let's get right into it. Last night, we defeated the Clippers 124 to 119. Um it was a great win, hard fought win. Um If you watched the game, it was a game of runs the entire game. You know, they go on a 9-0 run, we take a timeout, we go on a 10-0 run, they take a timeout, they go on a 7-0 run, we take a timeout. You know, and it was just back and forth, back and forth the entire game. Fourth quarter, um got off to a little rough start, got down by 13. Uh Gui Santos hits a big three, uh gets, you know, open the gates a little bit, kind of stopped that run. The great Steph Curry reenters the game about the 9-minute mark. And I reentered the game about the little over eight. Uh when Kawhi checked back into the game, and it was off to the races from there. Uh Al Horford reentered the game, and my my my, was he used. First off, I want to talk about Steve Kerr. Uh Steve Kerr and like, you know how people say, "Oh man, like I'm not surprised Steph Curry hit that shot." Like when Steph Curry do these crazy things, like I'm not surprised. Listen, as you all know, I am very active on Threads. I see all the talk about Steve Kerr. When I tell you you don't want another coach in the foxhole with you. You don't want another coach when your back is against the wall. I know all you all of you have your complaints about Steve Kerr and have your complaints about his rotations and his philosophies and all of these things. But I just never see anyone really question Jeff Bezos like that. I never see anyone really question Gregg Popovich like that. I never see anyone question Phil Jackson like that. But for some reason, I guess it's the because of the day and age that we're in, there's always people questioning Steve Kerr. Well, let I'm here to tell you again, your back against the wall, you you don't want another coach. He always know the right thing to do. He always know the right thing to say. He always know the right thing to do. He always know the right adjustment to make. Like when you talk about the confidence that and the chemistry that Steph Curry and myself have in these situations, a large piece of that is we know the guy over there going to make all the right calls. So, we going into the situation knowing that we going to have a better game plan than the opposing team. Can we execute it? It's up to us. But we know our game plan is going to be better. We know our coach going to have the utmost trust in us and we going to have the utmost trust in him. And so, again, I see what everybody say about the rotations and all of this stuff. And I think what people most people don't understand is Steve Kerr is a nine-time champion. I'm a four-time champion. Steve Steve Kerr is a nine-time champion. As a four-time champion, I am I I can very openly and honestly tell you some games it's just hard to get up for. Like you go through certain games and and it's really hard to get up for those games. I can only imagine what that feels like for a nine-time champion. But that don't mean you checked out. That don't mean you can't do the job. That just mean when the stakes is at its highest I'm going to be at my best. And that is Steve Kerr. So Steve Kerr was dialed in last night. Did you see the sets that we were running coming out of timeouts? We got great looks out of every timeout. And most of the time we got layups or dunks. That was all Steve Kerr. The defensive game plan There's been a lot of talk about my defense on Kawhi, which we'll get into. That's all Steve Kerr. Yeah, I followed the defensive game plan. Yeah, I had to be locked in and you know, up for the challenge and all of those things. But I can only be as successful as the as as the position that my coach puts me in. And boy, did he put me in a great position last night. Per usual. Because that's what he does. For all the marbles, money on the line Steve Kerr going to show up. So when you hear like a couple days ago when I said Steve Kerr deserves the right to coach us as long as he want to, to coach here as long as he want to when you heard me say Steph Curry don't want to play for another coach, that is why. Because who are you going to find that has that? Now, what you can do is go find you a coach, and if you want to, by all means, be my guest. Go find you a coach that's going to win you 55 games and lose in the first round. I'm cool on that. I'm straight on that. You get these coaches that get in these playoff series, and they don't know what to do. If you rather have that, be my guest. But I know who I rather have. Put me in the foxhole with Steve Kerr. Because one thing I know is he going to put his back against my back, and he going to fight with me. And we going to fight our way out the foxhole. That I know. One thing I know is his his his his his plan, his mapped-out plan to get out of that foxhole, ah man, I know it's going to be better than the other guy. Cuz that's what Steve Kerr does. So, first and foremost, I wanted to talk about the great Steve Kerr, and the great game plan, the great adjustments, and the timely calls that he made all night long. Now, before we continue on, I'm going to tell you I I'm not a quitter. I don't know how to quit. But everyone has thoughts. You're human being. And I can tell you there's several times this year where I thought about quitting. And each time, he just said the right thing to relight that fire and make you want to go again. That's a special special person. That's a special coach. When you coming into a season expecting to compete for a championship, and it goes the way that it's going for us, man, good luck trying to keep that together. So many coaches you see get fired because they just can't hold it together. When it all goes wrong, they can't hold it together. Steve Kerr's a master at that. So, I just wanted to give a shout-out to the great Steve Kerr. Um Obviously, we still got more work to do, but that was fun. Um his pregame message was very simple. He said, "Hey guys, I know this game plan may be a little confused." Number one, already throwing himself under the bus. True leader. "Hey guys, I know this game plan might be a little confused. Don't overthink it. Just play hard. Just get the rebounds. Just take care of the ball. Just follow the defensive game plan. Have fun. Let it fly. This is what we like, fellas. This is what we want to do. You just want a chance, fellas. And we got a chance. Let's go take advantage of the chance." It was very simple. But he threw himself under the bus first and foremost. "Hey man, this game plan may be shit." No, it's not. But he threw himself under the bus right away. "I don't want y'all going into the game overcomplicating your mind on this game plan. I just want you to play hard." Not many coaches throw themselves under the bus. We see coaches every day point fingers at at at at The finger never does this. Steve Kerr never does this. He only does this. True leader. So, um an honor to play for him. Uh still in year 14 of my career, my 12th year uh with coaches as at leading you know, like the hell. And still to this day, the way you get amazed by Steph Curry's shots, or the way, you know, some is amazed by my defense, is how I get amazed by his coach when all the money is on the line. At halftime, we were down eight. And we were they were getting offensive rebounds, but everything else was going pretty well for us. And he said, "Fellas, I don't have much. We got to take away the offensive rebounds, but I think we're going to be good. Some more shots will fall for us. We'll be fine. We just got to take away the second chance points. Other than that, we played a good half. Come on, now. Build on it. We good. They're going to make a run. We responded to every run they made, he said. And we're going to do that again." Fourth quarter, he said, "Yo, we responded all their runs now. Now it's time to take over the game and push ahead. Now it's time to see it through." Okay. Telling you, man, this guy this guy always knows what to say. It's one of the most impressive things to me. I played for coach Izzo. I know great coaching. This guy always knows what to say, man. And so, that was the message at halftime. He obviously put a game a great game plan in against Kawhi Leonard. Um you know, we we trapped when we needed to trap, we faked some traps, we did just a bunch of different things. You know, he came straight out the gate like, "Yo, you got Kawhi." Two days with three days two days two three days before the Yo, just so you know, you got Kawhi. Oh my god. When we're going through our defensive game plan, those couple days in practice, he's literally in practice like cuz Draymond going to blow this screen up. Draymond not going to get screen right there. Draymond going to lock this up. This is how he's talking in practice. The way he was talking in practice had me believing I was going to do all that stuff. The way he was talking in practice had all my teammates believing I was going to do all that stuff. Well, guess what? That's a great coach knowing his player. Because if you're going to talk to me I mean like that, then I got to hold up my end of the bargain. He just threw it all on me. Draymond going to blow this up. Draymond getting through that screen. He's showing clips from when we played the Clippers last time. Look, you see how he just got through that one? He's getting through those screens all night. This is how he's talking leading up to this game. So, when I get in the game, sick and all, jacked up, I got to do that because he told all my teammates that's what I'm doing. I have to live up to that. And so, he put me in an incredible position to be successful. And then, I had the opportunity to play against the great Kawhi Leonard. And when I play against all-time greats, um it require it it it requires me to be at my best. It requires me to get better. Every time I play against Kawhi Leonard, I get better. And I'm so grateful for him as a competitor because he brings the best out of me. And I love that. You know, he's a guy I I I'm I don't respect everybody in the NBA. I I just don't think everyone deserves respect or has earned respect. Kawhi is a guy who I got the utmost respect for. I don't even talk junk to Kawhi Leonard because I have so much respect for him. Like you talking a special special player. Kawhi is one of the better top five offensive player in our league. He's also a top five defensive player in our league. This man had more steals than fouls on the season. Almost by double. Like that's unheard of for someone that defends. But he's a student of the game. Right? So he he play clean defense. He like Kawhi special man. And you know, I heard his comments after the game. Uh later last night I heard his comments. Um I was flattered. Because ultimately you know, as as players and I know everybody think like, "Oh man, they they spoiled. They make this amount of money. They stay in this hotel. They do this. They Man, it's hard. It's hard when every day you on Front Street you have a bad game and people say you trash, you suck. They dissect your personal life. All it's hard. And ultimately what matters to you the most is the respect from your peers. And not just any peer. The respect from the peers that you respect. Um to hear him say that about me. Like me and Kawhi battled for Defensive Player of the Year awards and championship rings. And and for him to say I he a Hall of Fame defender. That's one of the greatest defenders ever saying I'm a fame defender. Man, it meant so much to me. He said it's hard to even get shots up. That meant so much to me. Because but I I saw people saying like, "Why would Kawhi say that? Why why would he admit that?" Cuz number one, he's a real guy. He's an honest guy. Number two, because the respect is there. At no point does he feel disrespect from me. And so I think when you have respect for someone, you feel comfortable saying things like that. Because I got the respect for that guy. So I'm cool with saying that because I respect him. And man, I got so much respect for Kawhi. I respect Kawhi like I respect Joker. And those guys just go about their business. They just go about their day. They destroy you. They don't talk junk. I talk junk. That's who I am. That's how I grew up in Saginaw, Michigan. But I I respect how they go about their business. And when I'm playing those guys, I get better every time. And that's a true testament to them. Because I'm a competitor. So I don't want to get embarrassed. But I know that if I'm not focused and doing and trying to figure out what I need to get better at, because the next time I play them, they're going to be the guy better than what they did before from the last time I played them. If I didn't, they're they're going to embarrass me. So when I play against those guys, I get better every time. And it's just a testament to their hard work. So forever grateful for Kawhi's comments and understand this. As great of a deep defensive job as I did, that's a complete team effort. If I'm playing If I'm playing against Kawhi Leonard and my teammates aren't in the shell and he see gaps in the defense, I don't care how good of defense you play. It ain't going to work. That's a complete team effort, man. And my teammates were great. They were great in support. Whenever I needed help, they were right there. So, we we did it together. You don't lock down great players. Kawhi still had 21 points. You don't You don't lock them down. You don't shut them down. But what you do is you just try to make it hard. And what he said it was hard to get shots up, that's the goal because Kawhi, if if you let Kawhi get to his spot, you dead. Like he getting He raising up into that shot and it's money. So, you you have to do your work early. That's what I was doing. That's why I was picking him up at half court and stuff because if you don't do your work early against him, he get to that spot, there's nothing you can do but hope he miss. It's like the one where he had me in the mid post. One dribble right, bam. Nothing you can do but hope he miss when you let him get to his spots. That's how great he is. So, job well done by the teammates, job well done by the coaching staff, fun fun game. Always great competing against that guy. If you care about your energy, your skin, and aging well, listen up. Cymbiotika is a supplement that is clean, liposomal, science-backed, and actually absorbable. One staple is NMN plus. It has the best orange vanilla flavor. It supports cellular energy, healthy aging, and gives your skin that radiant even tone. You just stir it into your drink. And for strength and performance, they have advanced creatine. It helps with recovery, sustained energy during high-intensity workouts, and focus. You can use these everywhere, whether you're traveling, at the gym, or just running around. Symbiotica makes wellness effortless. Go to symbiotica.com/draymondgreen to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's c y m b i o t i k a.com/draymondgreen for 20% off plus free shipping. Yeah, I want to break down a couple of these steals for y'all. Uh so uh the first one being when I, you know, again, when I tell you it's a complete team effort go watch the play when I got the first steal when I had him pinned up against the sideline and I got that steal, I hit the BP. Go watch Go watch that play. My teammates had everything denied. So, guess what? I see them with everything denied. I know I can press up and be aggressive because there's nowhere else to outlet. I see it. They They all denied. They had everybody denied. And then I get the steal. So, again, when I tell you it's not just a one-man thing. If they don't have everyone denied, I don't get that opportunity. If they don't shrink the floor like they did, Kawhi doesn't end up right next to the sideline for me to press him to the sideline and he come up with the steal. It's a complete team effort. So, man, shout out to my teammates. They were incredible. That first steal, they had everything denied. The second steal So, the whole game I have been watching his handle and I have been thinking like, man, I I I think I can get one of them. However, if I reach for one of them and I don't get it, with Kawhi, you got to stay patient because he's so strong and quick and gets to his spots and raise up that if you're not patient and you lean one way the wrong way, you dead. You can't make it up. Because once he gets you leaning away, he going to go where he trying to go and he going to bump you. And Kawhi is strong as an ox. So, once he bumps you, it's nothing you can do. And now he raising up. So, for me, I'm like, "Ah, maybe I can get it." But I got to stay solid. I got to stay solid. I got to stay solid because if I break that position and I'm no longer solid, I'm cooked. But when I saw him coming down, I was taking the right hand away, so I knew he had to cross and go left. And I timed it perfectly. But I had been waiting on it the whole game. And it just happened to be a situation where I knew I could get it. We were up six points, so it was, you know, um it was an easier gamble to take, you know, if if I gamble it and I don't get it and he get a layup, nobody's mad. We're up four points, no big deal. So, perfect situation, man. It was a fun game to play in. Vintage Steph Curry performance. Um started the game one for five. Got banged up a little bit, went to the locker room. Came back in, found his footing. While he was finding his footing, Brandin Podziemski was incredible. He got us off to a good start. Um we were down 12 to two. He hit the three, playing aggressive, getting the paint, get a layup. Like broke the dam a little bit. All right, now fellas, we got our foot in, here we go. You know, so that was um Gui Santos was incredible. You know, I think the jump that Gui Santos has made just throughout this season so special. Uh but I watch him put the work in daily. Al Horford down the stretch, wow. KP was great all night. GP damn good game. Melt, great minutes off the bench. Like you talking a complete team effort, man. We went in there and did that. And then also having Jimmy Buckets on the bench, just that energy. You know. Um Moses was around, obviously wasn't out on the bench right now, but man, just having those guys around, like you just feel different. So, happy we was able to get that win. Uh you know, it was a little emotional for us because again, you just don't know how many more opportunities we have. And, you know, so with everything that's going on, with all the injuries we faced, to to still be able to hang in there, follow behind our leaders Stephen and Steph, that was a great feeling. Now, we'll move on to play Phoenix, uh which, you know, is a going to be a tough match-up. They've had a good year. Uh they got a lot of guys, different guys handling the ball. You got Book, you got Dillon Brooks having a career year. Jalen Green in the games that he played, he looks like a much better player than he was, uh even just in last year in Houston. Uh much more aggressive, you know. Um all those guys got the green light. Jordan Goodwin got the green light. Colin Gillespie got the green light. Um if Grayson Allen plays, ultra green light. Royce O'Neale, green light. So, you know, they're firing. Um and they pressure you defensively. So, you know, very physical team. So, it'll be a it'll it'll it'll be a tough one, but the result of us beating the Clippers was an interesting one. And I'm going to tell you why it was an interesting one. No, not because we move on, but because the Oklahoma City Thunder will now receive the Clippers pick. The pick is currently the 12th spot with a 7% chance to move into the top four. If we beat the Suns, the pick could move up to number 11 and a 9.4% chance to move up. Sam Presti is sitting over there licking his chops. What a hell of a job he's done. But that that was also some of the implications of our win. Getting back to the Phoenix Suns. Um You know, we we we enjoyed last night and then this today we moved on. You know, we started our scout for Phoenix, our preparation. Um you know, I know our coaching staff is still dialing that game plan on in. It was interesting, man, cuz we had that first practice on Monday. Uh and then we had another practice Tuesday and they were going through some game plan stuff and I interrupted the walk-through cuz everybody had so many questions. I said, "Hey guys, just so y'all know, been through a few of these. This game plan is not locked in. But I promise you, by the time we play on Wednesday, you're going to be so comfortable with what we do, the game plan is going to be incredible. Trust me, I know." And it was exactly that. You know, so we've now moved on to Phoenix. Um You know, I think, you know, for us, a lot of questions would be, "Oh, man, how much do they have left in the tank?" Listen, a lot. We we got big dreams, big aspirations and we want to fulfill those. Uh so, you know, it'll be a big game for us tomorrow night. Like I said, they got multiple uh different guys who can get it done. I know the internet's going crazy over match-up with me and Dillon Brooks. Someone said, uh "Draymond Green versus Dillon Brooks with a chance to go to playoffs online. The NBA should allow them nine fouls each. That is going to be a slash hammer fight." Um listen, he's a competitor, I'm a competitor. We both want to get in the playoffs. Everybody going to play their heart out. Saying got nothing to do with me versus Dillon Brooks. This is the Phoenix Suns versus the Golden State Warriors. And that's how we want to approach this game. Uh I know them, they're going to come out, they're going to pressure, they're going to be physical. That's who they are, that's their MO. Starts with the owner, uh Matt Ishbia. No-nonsense mentality. All the way down to Brian Gregory, the general manager. Jordan Uh the head coach. All with that no-nonsense approach. And that And that team has followed in those footsteps. And I know they got no-nonsense approaches because they're all spars. So, you know, we'll we'll we'll we expect them to come out fighting, and we'll come out fighting as well. And it'll be a good match-up. You know, I think I believe that we can get it done we go out and play our best basketball, but they're going to they're going to make us play our best basketball to get it done. And when our backs against the wall, I trust us. Coming up next after the break, I'll go around the association, discuss the LaMelo-Bam controversy, Luka Doncic being ruled eligible for postseason awards while Anthony Edwards is not, and 76ers fans getting a little ahead of themselves. Be right back after this. All right. Now that it's finally spring, I've been outside a lot more. Walking everywhere, making plans, even squeezing in a few weekend trips. And every year around this time, I realize my closet just isn't keeping up. I want stuff that looks good, but can actually move with me. And refreshing your wardrobe every season can get expensive fast. That's honestly why I started looking for a better option and ended up signing up for Fabletics as a VIP. And it completely changed how I shop. When I signed up, I got 70 to 80% off everything, which made it so easy to try a few new pieces without overthinking it. And the quality really surprised me. Everything feels soft, breathable, and actually holds up. Lately, I've been reaching for this lightweight matching set. I wore it on a long walk and then straight to brunch, and it just works for everything. Shop now at fabletics.com/draymond to get 70 to 80% off everything when you sign up as a new VIP. Take a quick style quiz and be sure to select Draymond when prompted to unlock your 70 to 80% off. This is a limited time offer, so don't wait. Again, that's fabletics.com/draymond for 70 to 80% off everything as a new VIP. Welcome back to the show. As promised, now we will move around the association. First up, the NBA announced that Luka and Kay are eligible for NBA awards like NBA MVP or NBA. Anthony Edwards remains ineligible. Um I told you all that a last part if Kay was eligible for MVP it would shake my list up a bit. So my list goes as follows. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander at one. Kay Cunningham at two. Victor Wembanyama at three. And Nikola Jokic at four. And Luka Dončić at five. Um I want Jaylen Brown on my first team, but I'm going to I I have a hard time putting him over the guy who got the number one seed. Um Kay is young, he's never done it before. And to to lead that team two years ago losing 24 straight games to the first seed in the East that has to count for something. He's been great, getting everybody involved, scoring the basketball. So, my list goes Shai, Kay Vic, Joker, Luka. Uh in an ideal world there could be a tie with Luka and Jaylen Brown, but that's not quite how it goes. Uh so, that is my list for NBA MVP. And quite honestly, you know, the the whole make them eligible is interesting to me because I actually think they should be eligible. As you all know, I thought that rule was dumb from the beginning. Cade Cunningham 1,000% deserves to be all-NBA. Cade Cunningham with about 16, 17 games to go in the season, maybe a little less, needed to play two more games to be eligible and had a collapse lung. If that isn't extraordinary, I I don't know what is. An extraordinary circumstance, I don't know what is. Luka Dončić needed to play one more game and got hurt the last game before the game before the last game in the season. On top of that, he missed two games for the birth of his child. Now, listen, you can't punish someone for going on paternity leave. He actually didn't take a full paternity leave, but you can't punish someone for that. For instance, if he went on paternity leave, they can't take his salary. So, he shouldn't be punished from an award standpoint for being present for something like the birth of a child. So, when I look at those guys, I'm actually happy that the NBA did this. If I'm Anthony Edwards, I would be a little pissed off because listen, I had an injury, too. My knee was messed up. I could not play through it. It forced me to miss more games than Cade. Unfortunately, I think where Anthony Edwards' problem lies is probably falls on his team and their PR staff. Left knee injury management. The whole rule was put in to stop load management. And so when you put left knee injury management, that's what the NBA was protecting against with this rule. And ultimately, I think that's what probably screwed Anthony Edwards. However, if they were going to make a case for Ant-Man as well, then ultimately you have to just get rid of it the the the rule. And I'll be interested in seeing like after the the extraordinary circumstance changes, like what happens with this rule moving forward. But, you know, I am happy the NBA did this because those guys are deserving, man. You can't tell me they're not a first team all-NBA performers. They are deserving, and I'm happy the NBA got it right. So, shout out to Adam Silver, shout out to James Jones, uh Michael Levine, everybody else in the league office making these decisions. Job well done. Rewarding guys for what they earned is exactly the way it should go. Hornets and Heat having instant classic to kick off the playing game. However, the biggest story was not the game. The biggest story was LaMelo Ball potentially intentionally tripping Bam Adebayo, causing Bam ultimately to fall on his butt, hurt his back, and have to exit the game. Before Bam exited that game, he was working Diallo. Uh there was nothing Diallo could do in that post. No, excuse me, not Diallo, Diakite. Before Bam got hurt in the beginning of that game, he was working Diakite. And there was nothing Diakite could do to stop Bam in the post. Bam just putting his shoulder in his chest, getting right to the front of the rim, easy bucket. And then he got hurt. Now, I think I can speak to this as good or better than anyone because I am actually someone that my ankle got grabbed and I stomped on chests. And when the guy grabbed my ankle there was no fines. There was no suspension to him. There was only suspension to me. But I said, "Yo, so him grabbing my ankle means nothing? He can just cradle my ankle like this while I'm trying to run?" And what I said back then was unfortunately, I have to get hurt for them to do something to him. And that's a shame. That's a shame. If Bam Adebayo doesn't get hurt LaMelo Ball doesn't get a fine. But let's take it a step further. I'm happy they didn't suspend LaMelo for a game because you can't suspend him just because he got hurt and we saw the same thing with Sabonis grab my ankle and nothing happened. Absolutely nothing happened. So you can't have it both ways. Got to pick a side. Now was it an intentional trip? To me, he grabbed his and he he pulled him. Yes, it was an intentional trip. Was he intentionally trying to hurt him? No. I don't think LaMelo is thinking, "I'm about to grab Bam's ankle. He going to fall on his ass and hurt his back." I don't think that. But those are two completely different things. Being an intentional trip and intentionally trying to hurt him are two completely separate things. And I don't think LaMelo was trying to hurt him. I do think LaMelo was pissed off and trying to trip him. Unfortunately, Bam got hurt. But again, we've seen these things before. When my ankle got grabbed, nothing happened because I didn't get hurt. So, why do you have to get hurt? Why do Why is it just not about the intention? So, I know Ball's pissed off. I'd be pissed off, too. Uh but like I said, I don't think LaMelo was trying to hurt him, because number one, if you're grabbing the ankle, if you're trying to hurt, you're trying to hurt the ankle. You're not trying to grab an ankle and hurt someone's back. That doesn't make sense. So, I don't think he was intentionally trying to hurt him, but he definitely intentionally tripped What do you make of that? That's for you to make what you want to make of it, but I've told you what I make of it. The 76ers beat the Orlando Magic at home and will now play the Boston Celtics in the first round. Um the Boston Celtics and the 76ers has been facing up quite a bit over the years, over the last few years. Obviously, with Joel Embiid, Al Horford was there guarding Joel Embiid. There will be no Joel Embiid, as we know so far. Um but you know, there will be Paul George, there will be V.J. Culberson, there will be I think this will be a fun series. Uh ultimately, I I got Boston getting it done, but I think it'll be a very fun series, and I will warn the 76ers fan channel, we want Boston, relax yourself. No, you don't. But you got Boston, and enjoy it, but relax yourself. The 76ers and the Boston Celtics has faced five times since 2000 in NBA playoffs, and the 76ers has lost every single one of them. You don't want Boston. No, you don't. You've lost every single one of them. That ain't the team you want to see. But that's who you got, and unfortunately, I don't think the 76ers can beat Boston. I just championship pedigree, it usually wins out, and I think Boston's got 76ers number. They know exactly what to do to guard them. They know exactly how to attack their defense, and every time it works in Boston's favor. Want to thank you all for tuning in to this episode of the Draymond Green Show. Let's get another win. One more game and we get to take on the OKC Thunder. Talk to y'all after that. Till next time, that's a wrap. Deuces. If you're rocking with the Draymond Green Show, be sure to click follow on your favorite podcast app. And while you're there, go ahead and drop a five-star rating and leave a review. I want to hear what you think, and it would also mean a ton to me if you share it with a friend that you think would enjoy it. Let's keep this thing growing. The Draymond Green Show is presented by Audacy and executive produced in conjunction with The New Media. Our executive producers are Leah Reese Dennis, Danny Freisinger, and Greg Holzman. Video production and creative design by Kurt Courtney, Tim Miko, Lauren Viera, and Evan O'Brien. Special thanks to the team at The New Media and the team at Audacy. More current, Josephina Francis, Hillary Schaff, Eric Donnelly, Kate Rolls, Colin Gaynor, and Jake Galle.
